Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Seto_Kaiba_(DSOD_Duel_Links)


 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 海馬瀬人 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mokuba Kaiba  (brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Kaiba (DSOD) Deck A New Path Way of D. Way of the Blue-Eyes Way of the Ultimate Dragon 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eric Stuart 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kenjiro Tsuda 
 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Seto Kaiba , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  flim
 White  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Seto Kaiba at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yami Yugi 
 7.1.2   Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 7.1.3   Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 7.1.4   Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 7.1.5   Sera, Prana 
 7.1.6   Aigami 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 7.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 8.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 This elite Duelist battled countless times against Yugi - or more accurately - against the Pharaoh. Suffering a final defeat before the Pharaoh departed for the afterlife, Kaiba's desire for revenge still burns. He creates Duel Links in order to get a rematch, thus inventing a new battlefield for Duelists worldwide.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Kaiba (DSOD) Deck Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  ( DSOD  art; glossy) 
 Swordstalker 
 Saggi the Dark Clown  x3 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant  x3 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin  x2 
 Solitude  x2 
 Takriminos  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Stop Defense 
 
 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 A New Path Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Saggi the Dark Clown  x3 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant  x2 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin  x3 
 Steel Ogre Grotto 2 
 Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Stop Defense 
 Traps 
 Dark Sacrifice 
 Induced Explosion 
 Krystal Avatar 
 Level 20 
 
 Way of the D. Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Saggi the Dark Clown  x3 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant  x2 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x3 
 Swordstalker 
 Takriminos 
 Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Wyvern 
 Lord of D. Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Stop Defense 
 Traps 
 Dark Sacrifice 
 Induced Explosion 
 Krystal Avatar 
 Level 30 
 
 Way of the Blue-Eyes Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Ox  x3 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x2 
 Mystic Horseman  x2 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Takriminos  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Krystal Dragon  x2 
 Pandemic Dragon Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Rabid Horseman  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Cost Down  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 Dark Sacrifice 
 Induced Explosion 
 Krystal Avatar 
 Level 40 
 
 Way of the Ultimate Dragon Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Vorse Raider  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Wyvern 
 Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Kaiser Vorse Raider  x2 
 Krystal Dragon  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Bingo Machine, Go!!!  x2 
 Cost Down 
 Polymerization  x2 
 The Melody of Awakening Dragon 
 Traps 
 Induced Explosion 
 Krystal Avatar 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Opponent 
 
 Neo KC Deck Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (DSOD) x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Wyvern  x2 
 Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Kaiser Sea Horse 
 Kaiser Vorse Raider  x2 
 Krystal Dragon 
 Pandemic Dragon 
 The King of D.  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon Spells  (6) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Cost Down  x2 
 Dragon Revival Rhapsody 
 Polymerization 
 The Flute of Summoning Dragon 
 Trade-In 
 Traps 
 Induced Explosion 
 Partner 
 
 Evolution of Blue-Eyes Monsters  (9) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Wyvern  x2 
 Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon  x2 
 Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dragon Spirit of White Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon  x3 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Bingo Machine, Go!!!  x2 
 The Melody of Awakening Dragon 
 Polymerization 
 Return of the Dragon Lords  x2 
 Trade-In  x3 
 Traps 
 Birthright 
 Krystal Avatar 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Seto Kaiba (DSOD) reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Induced Explosion "
 
 
 4
 
 Ultimate Dragons ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Dragon's Fighting Spirit "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Counter Gate "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Dragon's Fighting Spirit "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Heavy Starter ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Induced Explosion "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Counter Gate "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Dragon's Fighting Spirit "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Alternative Evolution ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Induced Explosion "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Counter Gate "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Krystal Avatar "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Seto Kaiba (DSOD), these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Assault Wyvern "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Krystal Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Enemy Controller "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Dark Sacrifice "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Dark Zebra "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Light Effigy "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Cloning "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Tastunootoshigo "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Saggi the Dark Clown "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Ultimate Dragons
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " and " Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " to your Extra Deck.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate any monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Alternative Evolution
 
 Select 1 monster you control with 3000 or more ATK whose original name is " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ". The selected monster becomes " Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon ". This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Memories of a Pharaoh: Obelisk the Tormentor
 
 Can be used turn 5 onward. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. Instead of conducting your normal draw, draw "Obelisk the Tormentor" from the Pharaoh's memory. The following effect can be used only once during this turn. If you Tribute Summon "Obelisk the Tormentor", 1 monster whose original card name is "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" can be treated as 3 Tributes. In addition, if you Tribute 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" to Tribute Summon "Obelisk the Tormentor", your "Obelisk the Tormentor" will be sent to the Graveyard at the end of your turn.
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Scorns of Ultimate Defeat
 
 Can be used on turn 6 and onward. Add 1 " Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon " to top of your Deck.   In addition, add " Chaos Form " to your hand from outside of the deck if your opponent controls monsters with 3500 or higher DEF. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dragonic Rebirth
 
 Can be used on turn 4 and onward. Add a Dragon-Type monster with the same level as the number of turns that have passed from your Graveyard to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dragonic Reincarnation
 
 Send 1 Level 7 or higher Dragon-Type monster from your hand to your Graveyard. Then, add 1 Level 4 LIGHT Dragon-Type monster to your hand from your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Beatdown
 
 Until the end of the turn, increase the ATK of all face-up Level 5 or higher monsters you control by the number of Level 5 or higher monsters you control times 300. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Kaiba announces "I've been waiting for this for a long time Pharaoh!" followed by "Prepare to do battle! And prepare to lose!" or "You're the closest I've ever had to a worthy adversary."
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "It wasn't the real Pharaoh, so I didn't really beat him." followed by "And until I do, my scars of defeat will continue to burn!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Kaiba says "Seems I recreated the Pharaoh's deck to be stronger than in real life." or "Pharaoh... Not again!" 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Kaiba announces "Mokuba! Don't expect me to go easy on you!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "That was giving it your all, Mokuba?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Kaiba says "You're in charge now, Mokuba." 
 When passing the turn to Mokuba in a Tag Duel, Kaiba says "Mokuba, it's your turn."
 When passing the turn to Mokuba while own team is on high LP and opponent team is on low LP, he says "Finish this Duel for me, Mokuba." 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel against  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Kaiba announces "Yugi, you're nothing more than a useless vessel!" or "Yugi, you will Duel me. This matter is not up for debate." followed by "Prepare to be crushed!" or "Let's Duel! Even if you're not the real Pharaoh!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "Your only duty is to bring the Pharaoh's spirit back!" Or "You're not the one I want to defeat, Yugi." 
 When he loses the Duel, Kaiba says "Looks like you're a Duelist in you're own right, Yugi." 
 When passing the turn to Yugi in a Tag Duel, Kaiba says "Let's see how you Duel!"
 When passing the turn to Yugi while own team is on high LP and opponent team is on low LP, he says "Finish this, Yugi!" 
 When passing the turn to Yugi while own team is low LP, he says "If we're going down, it will not be without a fight!" 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , Kaiba announces "You'll learn the hard way, you're still not in my league!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "The only duelist you'll ever beat is the one in the mirror!" followed by "Hahahahahahahahaha!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Kaiba says "I can't believe I have to accept that you're a Duelist..." 
 Sera, Prana 
 When starting a Duel with  Sera  or  Prana , Kaiba announces "You can remake anything?" followed by "Then let’s see if you can make your defeat into victory!" or "You think I'll give in to fear?" followed by "I fear nothing! Especially not you!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "Whatever powers you claim to have couldn’t stop me." or "Get in my way, and get crushed! 
 Aigami 
 When starting a Duel with  Aigami , Kaiba announces "I'll defeat you in this dimension or in any dimension!" or "Diva! it's time to end this!" or "Aigami... Or should I call you Diva." followed by "Whatever your name is, one thing is certain: your defeat!" or (in a Dimension Duel) "If this is your dimension, I'll step all over it!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "You think your parlor tricks would work against Seto Kaiba?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Kaiba says "I'll make you pay..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "The souls of my Dragons guide a new one to me!" followed by "Come on out! Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Unleash your rage, Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon!" followed by "Blue Lightning!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon can destroy your monster!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ", he chants  "I merge my three Blue-Eyes together!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon!" followed by "Neutron Blast!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he makes an announcement about the card. If that player hasn't already Summoned "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (or it's  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart, depending on which version of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" is summoned) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes White Dragon! Attack!" followed by "White Lightning!" 
 The announcement before the animation cutscene can be either of the following:
 "Join me! Blue-Eyes White Dragon!" 
 "Destroy the darkness!" followed by "Blue-Eyes White Dragon!" 
 "The light from my dragon erases the shadows!" followed by "Let's go, Blue-Eyes!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Obelisk the Tormentor ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "It's no monster... It's a god!" followed by "Obelisk the Tormentor!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Obelisk the Tormentor" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Obelisk the Tormentor" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My god attacks!" followed by "Fist of Fate!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Obelisk! Destroy my monsters to destroy theirs!" followed by "Fist of Fury!" 
 When Obelisk is sent to the Graveyard after having been Special Summoned, Kaiba announces "A god can only resurrect for one turn. Return to the earth!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Chaos MAX Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "Come on out! Blue-Eyes Chaos Max Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Put an end to this farce!" followed by "Pulverize!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos Max Dragon deals double piercing damage!" 
 When Kaiba Special Summons " Deep-Eyes White Dragon " by its effect, he chants  "This Dragon will make you feel the fury of my other Dragons!".  If Kaiba Tribute Summons "Deep-Eyes White Dragon", he chants  "Watch as the relentless arrives, seeking vengeance!" . Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "Deep-Eyes White Dragon!"
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Deep-Eyes! Inherit the power of the Dragon in my Graveyard!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect when this monster is destroyed by a card effect he announces "I'm taking your monsters down with it!" 
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "It's curtains for you! Deep-Eyes White Dragon, attack!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ", he chants  "There's no preparing for this! I Fusion Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "Behold Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon! Erase 'em!" followed by "Hyper Neutron Blast!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon can attack three times!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Let's go, Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take this! Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon! Attack!" 
 When Kaiba activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I now negate your monster's effects!" 
 When Kaiba activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I return Solid Dragon to my deck to bring a new Blue-Eyes!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Twin Burst Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Show yourself, Blue-Eyes Twin Burst Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes Twin Burst Dragon! Burn everything down!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes Twin Burst Dragon banishes your monster!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Dragon Spirit of White ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Emerge, Dragon Spirit of White!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Dragon Spirit of White!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dragon Spirit of White's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " XY-Dragon Cannon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "X and Y! Combine! XY-Dragon Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, XY-Dragon Cannon!" followed by "Hyper Destruction!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "XY-Dragon Cannon's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " XYZ-Dragon Cannon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "X, Y and Z! Combine into one! XYZ-Dragon Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "This will blast you into shreds!" followed by "Cannon Firestorm!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "XYZ-Dragon Cannon's effect activates!" followed by "Hyper Destruction!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " XZ-Tank Cannon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "X and Z combines into XZ-Tank Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, XZ-Tank Cannon!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " YZ-Tank Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Combine, Y and Z! YZ-Tank Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, YZ-Tank Dragon!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "YZ-Tank Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Assault Wyvern ", he announces "Fly in, Assault Wyvern!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Slice and dice, Assault Wyvern!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use Assault Wyvern's effect to call forth this monster!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " B-Buster Drake ", he announces "B-Buster Drake!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "B-Buster Drake! Attack!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "B-Buster Drake's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of " Kaibaman ", he announces "Kaibaman!'s effect Special Summons Blue-Eyes!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Kaiser Vorse Raider ", he announces "Come here, Kaiser Vorse Raider!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Slash 'em, Kaiser Vorse Raider!" 
 When Kaiba activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "By destroying your monster, this card gains ATK points!" 
 When Kaiba activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "By destroying this card, your monster loses ATK points!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Krystal Dragon ", he announces "Rise up! Krystal Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Krystal Dragon! Make 'em no more!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since it battled, I'll add this card in my deck to my hand!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Lord of D. ", he announces "As long as this is in play, effects can't target Dragons!" followed by "Lord of D.!" (spoken as "Lord of Dragons")
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lord of D.! Attack!" (spoken as "Lord of Dragons! Attack!") 
 When Kaiba Summons " Pandemic Dragon ", he announces "Bring the pain, Pandemic Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Pandemic Dragon!" 
 When Kaiba activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Its effect lets me use LP to lower a monster's ATK!" (spoken as "ATK points") 
 When Kaiba activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Pandemic Dragon destroys a monster with equal or less ATK!" 
 When Kaiba activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "When Pandemic Dragon is destroyed, monsters lose ATK!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Saggi the Dark Clown ", he announces "Saggi the Dark Clown!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Saggi the Dark Clown! Go!" followed by "Dark Light Attack!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " The King of D. ", he announces "The King of D.!" (spoken as "King of Dragons")
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em The King of D.!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I discard a card to activate The King of D.'s effect!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " X-Head Cannon ", he announces "X-Head Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "X-Head Cannon attacks!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Y-Dragon Head ", he announces "Y-Dragon Head!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Y-Dragon Head attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Y-Dragon Head's effect!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Z-Metal Tank ", he announces "Z-Metal Tank!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Z-Metal Tank attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Z-Metal Tank's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Kaiba activates " Beacon of White ", he announces "I equip Beacon of White on Blue-Eyes to Special Summon it!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Bingo Machine, Go!!! ", he announces "The Spell Card, Bingo Machine, Go!!!!" followed by "I add the card you choose to my hand!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Burst Stream of Destruction ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Burst Stream of Destruction!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Chaos Form ", he announces "Don't you know you’ve already lost?" followed by "My Ritual Spell, Chaos Form!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Cloning ", he announces "I now activate my Trap! Cloning!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Cost Down ", he announces "I can use this Spell Card to Special Summon higher level monsters." followed by "By lowering my monster's Levels." 
 When Kaiba activates " Counter Gate ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Counter Gate!" followed by "Your attack is negated, and I draw a card!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Dark Sacrifice ", he announces "I activate my trap, Dark Sacrifice! Your effect is negated!" followed by "And I send a monster from my deck to the Graveyard!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Dragon Revival Rhapsody ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Dragon Revival Rhapsody!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Dragon's Fighting Spirit ", he announces "I activate Dragon's Fighting Spirit!" followed by "My dragon gain an attack for each Special Summoned monster!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Induced Explosion ", he announces "So what? I activate my Trap! Induced Explosion!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kaiba announces "I banish Induced Explosion to destroy your card!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Interdimensional Matter Transporter ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Interdimensional Matter Transporter!" followed by "Transport 'em away!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Krystal Avatar ", he announces "Here's my Trap Monster! Krystal Avatar!"
 When activating the effect of that card, he announces "When it's destroyed, you take damage equal to its ATK!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Majesty with Eyes of Blue ", he announces "My Blue-Eyes will paralyze anyone with its glare!" followed by "The Quick-Play Spell, Majesty with Eyes of Blue!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Monster Reborn ", he announces "I'll activate this card! Monster Reborn!" followed by "Return form the great beyond!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Neutron Blast ", he announces "With this, Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon can attack three times! And you can't activate effects during these attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Polymerization ", he announces "Humph! My Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Shrink ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Shrink!" followed by "It halves a monster's ATK!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Silent Doom ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Silent Doom!" 
 When Kaiba activates " The Flute of Summoning Dragon ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! The Flute of Summoning Dragon!" followed by "By playing this flute, Lord of D. Special Summons a Dragon!" 
 When Kaiba activates " The Melody of Awakening Dragon ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, The Melody of Awakening Dragon!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Virus Cannon ", he announces "I'll rip the wings off your strategy!" followed by "I activate my virus card! Virus Cannon!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Kaiba Summons " A-Assault Core ", he announces "A-Assault Core!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "A-Assault Core, attack!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "A-Assault Core's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon ", he announces "A through Z join together into A-to-Z Dragon Buster Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " ABC-Dragon Buster ", he announces "A,B, and C combine into ABC-Dragon Buster!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "ABC-Dragon Buster attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "ABC-Dragon Buster's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Alternative Ultimate Dragon ", he chants  "My ultimate dragon takes on a new form! I Fusion Summon!"  Afterwards he announces "Come here, Blue-Eyes Alternative Ultimate Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Blue-Eyes Alternative Ultimate Dragon!" followed by "Neutron Strike!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes Alternative Ultimate Dragon destroys your card!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Chaos Dragon ", he announces "Descend! Blue-Eyes Chaos Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take this! Blue-Eyes Chaos Dragon attacks!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " C-Crush Wyvern ", he announces "C-Crush Wyvern!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "C-Crush Wyvern, attack!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "C-Crush Wyvern's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Kaiba activates " Card of Demise ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Card of Demise!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Final Attack Orders ", he announces "Ha! You think you can avoid a fight?" followed by "I activate my Continuous Trap! Final Attack Orders!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Lullaby of Obedience ", he announces "Even the cards know which Duelist should win." followed by "I activate the Spell Card, Lullaby of Obedience!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Rage with Eyes of Blue ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Rage with Eyes of Blue!" followed by "I banish my hand, field, and Graveyard, to summon Blue-Eyes!" 
 When Kaiba activates " The Ultimate Creature of Destruction ", he announces "With this Trap, my Blue-Eyes becomes The Ultimate Creature of Destruction!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kaiba announces "I activate a Trap from my Graveyard!" followed by "I set this card on my field." 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Dark Side of Dimensions  (DSOD) counterpart of  Seto Kaiba (DM) . 
 Initially, Seto Kaiba (DSOD) did not have a 3D cutscene for " Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon ". But as of January 11, 2021, the cutscene for "Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon" has been made available when summoned by Seto Kaiba (DSOD). 
 Kaiba's voice line when Summoning " Obelisk the Tormentor " is a reference to the scene in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , where he Duels  Aigami  and Summons it. 
 Kaiba has the same dialogue when he Duels against Duelists from the (DM) World:
 Winning: "Humph...", followed by, "You think I'd feel joy in defeating a replica?" or "You're a copy as weak as the original." 
 Losing: "My tech surprises even me." or "I let a copy defeat me?" 
 When Kaiba loses a Duel against  Aigami ,  Sera , or  Prana , he says "So this is the power of the Plana..." 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , Aigami,  Yusei Fudo ,  Tetsu Trudge , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who have Summoning chants for Monster Cards that aren't  Synchro  or  Xyz . 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo,  Luna ,  Carly Carmine ,  Antinomy , and Yuma and Astral are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Aigami, Jesse Anderson, Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Antinomy,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , Kalin Kessler, and Carly Carmine have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi,  Téa Gardner (DM) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) - Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Rex Raptor , Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Mako Tsunami , Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess cards with 3D cutscenes that aren't preceded by a cut-in frame of the whole character:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Jinzo 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - The Legendary Fisherman 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Silent Magician LV8 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Yubel -  Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ,  Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ,  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Jaden/Yubel - Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate voice lines for specific Monster Cards:
 Mai Valentine  -  Cyber Harpie Lady 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon,  Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Axel Brodie -  Maiden of the Aqua ,  Volcanic Doomfire 
 Carly Carmine -  Fortune Fairy Ann ,  Fortune Fairy Chee ,  Fortune Fairy En ,  Fortune Fairy Hikari ,  Fortune Fairy Hu ,  Fortune Fairy Swee 
 v e 
 Seto Kaiba  pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/SetoKaibaDSOD-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190929175200', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Profile-DULI-SetoKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20190927145815', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Icon-DULI-SetoKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524134935', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/Icon-DULI-SetoKaibaDSOD2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524134233', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ec/CutIn-DULI-SetoKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927151649', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/Summoning-DULI-SetoKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927145535', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6b/Defeat-DULI-SetoKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927142751', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Seto Kaiba pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters