Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gong_Strong

For other versions of this character, see  Gong Strong (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Gong Strong 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Gong Strong 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Noboru Gongenzaka 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Gon-chan Big Brows (by  Kit  and  Sora , dub only) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 権 現 坂   昇 権現坂 昇 ごんげんざか のぼる Rōmaji: ( Gongenzaka Noboru ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 권현승 KRR: Gwon Hyeonseung Translated:  Kwon Hyunseung 
 
 
 French   
 Gong Strong [1] 
 
 
 German   
 Gong 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 14 [2] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mr. Strong  (father) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Lancers 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Strong Dojo 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class         Friendship Cup   Did not place   
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Superheavy Samurai 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yohei Obayashi 
 
 
 German  
 Peter Lontzek [3] 
 
 
 Italian  
 Diego Sabre [4] 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Pipooh Villavicencio 
 
 
 
 Gong Strong , known as  Noboru Gongenzaka  ( 権 現 坂   昇   Gongenzaka Noboru ) in the Japanese version, is one of the main characters in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is an old friend of  Yuya Sakaki . He Duels using the "Non-Action" or "Heavystrong" style, known as "Steadfast" in the Japanese version, which means that even if he competes in an  Action Duel , he refuses to search for  Action Cards , standing firmly in the same spot. He is one of the  Lancers .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.5   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Arc League Championship 
 2.4   Friendship Cup 
 2.5   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.6   Heartland City 
 2.7   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Gong.     
 Though a teenager, Gong has a huge frame, easily equivalent in height to some adults. While he has a fairly round face, he is stockily built and rather muscular. Gong has black hair styled into a large  pompadour , restrained by a red band (possibly his sash from his youth), and his nose is somewhat redder than the rest of his face. There is a constant blush on his cheeks. Gong appears to wear a  Paradise Prep School  jacket (albeit one that is more of a vest) over a buttoned white coat that has golden trim, as well as white pants. Gong wears a white sash crossed over his back, tied at the left shoulder. He briefly replaced it with a black one that was given to him by his father during his Duel with  Grizzlepike Jones , but wore his white one again after  Yuya  retrieved it for him and the black one was torn. Gong wears heavy sandals rather than shoes.
 In his youth, Gong had shorter hair, wore a less elaborate coat under another short-sleeved one, as well as a red sash, and did not have a band.
 
 Personality 
 Gong is generally proud with a gruff kind of voice. He can be easily angered, but despite this he generally speaks politely as well as caring and protective of others he is close to. In accordance with his speech pattern of referring to himself as "the man, Gongenzaka" in the Japanese version, he often makes statements regarding himself and his fellows as "men".
 Gong is extremely loyal to his friends, encouraging the  You Show Duel School  students to believe in  Yuya  when Yuya was accused of  Yuto 's crime and reacting with shock when  Zuzu  revealed that she'd doubted Yuya. Despite his pride, Gong is not above requesting aid nor congratulating his opponents, and has demonstrated a willingness to sacrifice himself in order to allow a team victory. When the  Lancers  were split in the  Synchro Dimension , he was more focused on finding the others than on their mission of finding strong allies.
 After his  draw  with  Kit Blade , Gong's outlook on his own strength changed. He claimed that his pity for Yuya due to the bullying Yuya suffered after  his father 's disappearance made him weaker, and that Yuya's for him if Gong couldn't make it into the  Arc League Championship  was disrespectful.
 He isn't particularly interested in entertaining audiences, as shown by his frequent irritation at  Dennis ' antics and reluctance to accept  Lucas Swank 's invitation to participate in  Turbo Duels  or be a commentator, although this is mostly attributed to his visible disgust at  the arena , as he found it outrageous that Duels were used for illegal bets and the sheer amount of people that were motivated by greed, further showing his honor and discipline. However, when he was genuinely cheered by spectators on his Duel against Dennis, he responded accordingly and Dueled to his best. During that Duel he complained about Dennis making himself look cool by humiliating him, which he considered an insult to his pride. Gong is very serious and loyal to his Dueling style, having been trained to use it since childhood. During his Action Duel against Kit, he refused to move from his spot to look for  Action Cards  and even let Kit obtain one that Gong could have easily grabbed. However, in order to protect Yuya from being defeated by the Battle Beast, Gong was ready to sacrifice himself, even grabbing Action Card.
 He is also shown to have little tolerance for injustice, as he went as far as bribing a guard with two of his cards in order to ensure that two fellow inmates could eat properly after having their food dirtied, although he himself felt dirty for doing so, and refused to give cards to the prison's top inmate when he requested, showing Gong values his  Deck  deeply.
 
 Abilities 
 As a result of his "Heavystrong" training and muscular body, Gong is a very physically strong individual. He can endure attacks from Real  Solid Vision   monsters  often without losing his balance, can stand still while holding very heavy boulders, do karate chops strong enough to destroy a Real Solid vision spike, and when he  draws  in his  Draw Phase , he does with so much strength that he releases a strong force of wind. He is strong enough to punch a hole into a wall of concrete without injury.
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Gong often refers to himself in the third person, by his last name, but does not use his name as an honorific like  Aura Sentia  does. Furthermore, he refers to himself as "this man, Gongenzaka" (この男権現坂,  Kono otoko Gongenzaka ). He also has a habit of saying "Unforgivable", and has very polished speech. In the dub, his voice resembles that of  Elvis Presley , and he retains the habit of referring to himself in the third person, though he simply refers to himself as "Gong".
 
 Etymology 
 Gong's Japanese given name,  Noboru   昇 , means "to ascend", while  Gongen   権 現  came from the manifestation of a buddha in the form of an indigenous kami  [5] .  Zaka   坂  means "hill". "Gong", is mostly likely a shortened version of his Japanese name. It also may refer to  gongs . His dub last name "Strong" is in reference to his large, muscular body, or his assertive personality. 
 
 Biography 
 History 
       A young Gong.     
 Gong and his friend  Yuya Sakaki  were in a park one day, discussing Gong's tendency to not use  Action Cards . Gong replied that there was always a chance that the card couldn't help him out, though Yuya protested that it was more exciting. Gong replied that he would believe in his  Deck  rather than in Action Cards. [6]  After the disappearance of  Yusho Sakaki  and Yuya's subsequent bullying, Gong supported Yuya, protecting him from bullies, even though on one occasion, the bully was a  senior member  of his own Dojo. The two of them Dueled several times throughout the years, but they never once had a serious Duel. Gong also often arranged for Yuya to Duel against members of his Dojo. [7] 
 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
       Gong Dueling  Yuya .     
 Gong and  Yuya Sakaki  were engaged in a Duel at  You Show Duel School  to recruit future students. As Gong called out to Yuya to Duel in a one-on-one match, he boldly made a stage performance. Gong irritably yelled at Yuya to play seriously, but before their Duel could progress any further, the  Solid Vision  system was damaged, ending the Duel with no conclusion. He scolded Yuya after the Duel, pointing out that those watching the Duel didn't laugh with Yuya, but at him, reminding Yuya about how  his father  made audiences smile with his Dueling. When  Nico Smiley  arrived, offering to replace the school's Solid Vision system if Yuya Dueled  The Sledgehammer , Gong stated that what was important about the situation were Yuya's feelings, noticing then that Yuya had disappeared. They later arrived at the Duel, witnessing Yuya's entrance and his immediate running off on his " Performapal Hip Hippo ," something that Gong disapproved of, along with his dodging of Sledgehammer's  attacks . Yuya's mother,  Yoko Sakaki  assured Gong that this was Yuya's way of fighting. He was quite surprised when Yuya performed a  Pendulum Summon [8]  and even more when the  monsters  he'd Summoned were enough to defeat Sledgehammer. [9] 
 
         Gong training with Yuya.     
 Afterwards, when Yuya and  Zuzu Boyle  Dueled in an exhibition match of Pendulum Summoning, Gong, much to his annoyance, was regulated to operating the new Solid Vision System. Despite Yuya failing to Pendulum Summon at all, Gong, after  Tate  stated his belief in Yuya and his Pendulum Summoning, encouraged Yuya to master it. [9]  He assisted Yuya in doing so, going through two hundred and ninety-one Duels before Yuya was finally able to Pendulum Summon successfully again, and tearfully congratulated Yuya for succeeding. [10] 
 Around a week later, Gong was in the middle of his morning run when he noticed  three   suspicious   individuals  lurking around the You Show Duel School. He confronted them, and was shocked to learn that Yuya had apparently attacked and hospitalized  Sylvio Sawatari . Gong vehemently denied that Yuya would do such a thing during the entire confrontation, encouraging the You Show Duel students to believe in Yuya as well. When  Leo Corporation  Chairwoman  Henrietta Akaba  proposed three Duels between students of both Schools, Gong eagerly volunteered, only to be replaced by  Sora Perse , who pointed out that Gong technically isn't a student of You Show Duel School, which offended Gong. [11] 
 
         Gong and Kit's Duel ends in a DRAW.     
 Gong watched Yuya and Zuzu's Duels with the  LID  students. [12] [13]  When Zuzu lost, he tried to motivate Sora to win the third round. However, Sora had Gong take his place in the last Duel. Gong squared off against  Kit Blade , LID's Synchro Course representative, who immediately performed two  Synchro Summons  on his first turn, Summoning " X-Saber Souza " and " XX-Saber Gottoms ". [13]  He  destroyed  Gong's " Superheavy Samurai Kabuto " and reduced him to 1500  Life Points . Gong brought out his ace monster, " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ", on his next  turn  and destroyed "Gottoms". Kit brought out another "Gottoms" on his next turn and powered it up with an Action Card, forcing Gong to use " Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit " to protect his monster at the cost of lowering its  DEF  and taking  piercing  damage that reduced him to 100  Life Points . When Kit went for his second Action Card, Gong allowed him to grab it, refusing to go against his Dueling philosophy. Kit then used the  effect  of "Gottoms" to  send  the rest of the cards in Gong's hand to the  Graveyard . Despite this, Gong was able to draw a monster that powered up the  DEF  of "Big Benkei" and allowed it to destroy "Souza," only for Kit to revive it and call out a third "Gottoms". He proceeded to attack, attempting to destroy "Benkei" via an effect, allowing Gong to reduce his monster's DEF to 0 and activate the effect of " Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor " to wipe Kit out. Kit was able to block the damage with " Saber Reflection ", forcing Gong to use " Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon " to end the Duel in a  draw . He expressed regret to Yuya that he was unable to win the Duel, but Yuya reassured him that it was thanks to Gong that they had a draw. [6]  After the events involving LID, Gong began training himself physically at his family's  dojo  by pulling up a boulder over the edge of a cliff [14]  and standing under a waterfall. However, he didn't think that this training was enough. [15]  He later went to LID to seek out Kit for assistance. [16]  The two later had a practice Duel on a shore platform, but Kit had to leave partway through. [17] [18] 
 
         Gong Synchro Summoning "Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo".     
 Gong set himself up so that he had but a single win until he could enter the  Junior Arc League Championship . After that, he didn't Duel properly until he Dueled Yuya for Yuya's fourth Duel to enter the Junior Arc League Championship, putting them in even positions. Gong chose the " Sword's Cemetery " field that he'd Dueled Kit on to Duel Yuya on. He refused to let Yuya have pity for him and be distracted during their Duel, and he brought out "Benkei" on his first turn. Yuya, in response, raised the  ATK  of his " Performapal Silver Claw " to the point that it could defeat "Benkei", but Gong was able to protect it. On his next turn, Gong showed off the results of his training by Synchro Summoning " Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo ", much to the shock of everyone watching. [7]  "Susanowo" retained the effects of "Big Benkei" to attack with its DEF while in Defense Position, and it cut Yuya's Life Points in half with one stroke. Just then,  Gong's father  declared that Gong had lost for stealing the techniques of another Duel School. Gong explained that he'd requested instruction from Kit, despite the pain he'd been put through. He continued to drive Yuya back, even using the effect of "Susanowo" to access the  Spell Cards  in Yuya's  Graveyard , until Yuya was able to make a comeback with his recently-acquired  Fusion Monster , " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", something that Gong had no knowledge of. Even so, Gong's defense managed to withstand all of the attacks of "Rune-Eyes" and allowed him to set himself up for a win on the next turn. But, trusting in his skills, Yuya was able to find an Action Card to activate his " Danger Draw "  Trap Card , gambling that he'd be able to draw a card to win. He was able to bring out another new Fusion Monster, " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", and its effect allowed it to deal the winning damage after destroying "Susanowo". Gong reassured Yuya afterwards that he still had a chance to enter the Junior Youth Championship, and admitted that he was glad that he had been able to push Yuya as far as he did. The two shook hands, though Gong got emotional afterwards and tearfully embraced his friend. [19] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Successfully qualifying just before the deadline, Gong arrived at the tournament venue to find  Yuya  butting heads with  Grizzlepike  again. Gong held Grizzlepike back, and Grizzlepike walked off, promising to crush Gong. Entering separately from his friends (due to being part of  Strong Dojo ), Gong learned that Grizzlepike would be his first opponent. [20] 
 
         Gong clashes with "Shaman Battleguard".     
 Gong and Grizzlepike faced each other as the first match of the second day. Before the match, Gong meditated and vowed to defeat Grizzlepike Jones.  His father  agreed, giving Gong a black sash to wear before the match. Gong showed his back to Grizzlepike in a show of dislike (and to show off his new sash) before the match. Grizzlepike revealed that he'd placed Yuya in danger, causing Gong to panic and desire to finish the match quickly. He attempted to bring out " Susanowo " early, but Grizzlepike took control of Gong's  Tuner monster . Grizzlepike commented that Yuya and Gong's  monster  had both betrayed him, causing Gong to panic further until  Zuzu  told him that Yuya was fine and his father reminded him that a Steadfast spirit was more necessary now than ever. Believing that Yuya would return, Gong faced Grizzlepike's next attack proudly, at the cost of taking 3500 damage and being pushed to the edge of a cliff from the  attack  of his own " Big Benkei ", which Grizzlepike had stolen with his " Shaman Battleguard ". Gong was able to survive with the  effect  of his " Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves " and reduce the  ATK  of "Shaman Battleguard" to 0, physically karate-chopping through the spike on the monster's hand himself. Yuya arrived and threw Gong his old sash, which Gong donned to replace the torn black one. He brought out "Susanowo" on his next turn and boosted its  DEF  to the point that it could wipe Grizzlepike out in one attack, as he'd promised to do earlier. Yuya congratulated Gong afterwards, apologizing for being late. [21]  Gong watched the subsequent Duels of the day; including Yuya's Duel against  Sylvio Sawatari , where he noted that Yuya was still going strong despite being pushed into a corner, [22]  and  Sora 's Duel against  Shay . Having not been privy to any of the events regarding Shay, he had no idea what Shay referred to when he described a battlefield. [23] 
 After Shay's victory and Sora's subsequent hospitalization, Gong was informed of the events that had occurred involving Shay and  Yuto , who he learned had been the man who had attacked Sylvio. He was shocked that Zuzu hadn't mentioned the subject before, but ended up confused as to what was happening given the conflicting info provided by Zuzu and Yuya's experiences with Shay and  Julia Krystal 's claim that Shay had always been an  LID  student. They heard a commotion in the hospital and realized that Sora had escaped. The trio split up to look for him, with Gong heading for the harbor. [24] 
 
         Gong in the Battle Royal.     
 Two days later, Gong was delighted to see that Yuya had recovered from his coma, and hugged him. He watched  Kit  Duel against  Iggy Arlo , and was shocked when Iggy defeated Kit using brutal physical assault. [25]  His next Duel was against  Trick Tagart , a Duel that he won blindfolded. He then watched Yuya's Duel against Iggy, and was stunned again when Yuya used " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " to defeat him. [26]  Gong went off by himself when the  Battle Royal  started, punching through the ice to uncover a Pendulum Card necessary to advance. He was lured by  Olga  further into the Iceberg Area and she explained that she was a  Synchro  user and challenged him to a Duel. They were about halfway through their contest when Zuzu accidentally fell on Olga, having topped over a nearby cliff. When Zuzu's opponent,  Halil , arrived, Zuzu and Halil automatically joined the Duel according to the Battle Royal rules, with Zuzu paired with Gong. [27]  Gong saved Zuzu from a Duel ending attack at the cost of most of his  Life Points  and then brought out " Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji " to  destroy  his opponent's  Spell  and  Trap Cards , which gave Zuzu one of her Pendulum Cards back. His attack on Halil's " Fire Jinn the Blazing Genie of the Lamp " backfired, causing him to be knocked out of the Duel, but he still collected a Pendulum Card as his winnings when Zuzu was able to defeat both Halil and Olga in a single turn. [28] 
 The two parted ways, Gong heading to the Jungle Field where he found  Trout  lazily watching  Reed Pepper  Dueling Halil and Olga. He bet a Pendulum Card to Duel Trout, but the pragmatic fisherman refused to Duel Gong unless he had five Pendulum Cards. Gong was furious at Trout's cowardice and left for the Ancient Ruins area, where he ran into  Aura Sentia , who had come to watch Yuya in person. They both saw Yuya Dueling three  mysterious Duelists  with "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon", in the same berserk state that he'd been in when he Dueled Iggy . [29]  Gong held Aura back from going to Yuya, wondering if that was really him, but when he saw Yuya going to where Shay was Dueling, Gong took action, saving Yuya from a collapsing pillar and restraining him as he began to thrash around. He ordered Aura to go and get help, and Aura enlisted Reed and Trout's assistance in moving and restraining Yuya. Gong was shocked to hear that there was apparently  another soul  within Yuya and a darkness overpowering them both. Yuya eventually calmed down, and when he woke up, Gong explained to him what had happened. [30] 
 Gong later heard Yuya's vow to keep true to his ideals, and he smiled at the thought. He later thanked Reed during breakfast for helping Yuya recover, though this prompted a jealous Aura to run away. Gong and Yuya later split up from Trout and Reed, deciding to account for all of the Duelists in the Battle Royal due to the invasion and their inability to use their  Duel Disk 's communication functions. They ran into  Dennis McField , informing him of the invasion and Dennis told them that Zuzu, who he'd beaten in a Duel, had said that she was going to the Iceberg Area, though they didn't find her there. [31]  Parting ways with Dennis, they went to the Ancient Ruins area where Shay had been Dueling, but there was no one there either. Finally, they found Sora Dueling  Sun Shadow  in the Volcano Area, and they voiced their anger at his methods, but Sora ignored him. The duo then saw  whom they believed to be Zuzu  Dueling members of the Obelisk Force, and they witnessed the sealing of Sun Shadow, Reed, and Trout into cards. Gong left Yuya with Sora and he went to assist "Zuzu." [32]  Taking the 2000 LP penalty, Gong  Pendulum Summoned  monsters whose effects he used to add Sylvio's  Pendulum Monsters  to Shay's hand, allowing Shay to win the Duel. He and the others later witnessed the inconclusive end of Yuya's Duel with Sora, and the arrival of  Declan Akaba  afterwards, and  Celina  revealed to them that she wasn't Zuzu. [33] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Declan  revealed to the assembled  Duelists , who he appointed as  Lancers , that he had known that the  Obelisk Force  would invade and that he had them intercept them. Gong learned that  Zuzu  had acted as a decoy for  Celina , and that the Obelisk Force had been pursuing her.  Yuya  then challenged Declan to a Duel, and Gong explained to  Aura  and  Dennis  about Declan's strategy and his previous Duel with Yuya. He was excited when Yuya  Fusion Summoned  " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". [34] 
 After the Duel concluded, Gong and the rest of the Lancers returned to the stadium where Declan and  Henrietta  cancelled the  Arc League Championship  to reveal the Lancers' existence to the world. After that  his father  requested the two of them have a serious match to test his resolve, resulting in several facial injuries [35]  The next day, Gong and Yuya went to  LID  to meet with the Lancers. On the way, Yuya inquired him about his wounded face. Once they arrived, Declan announced his plan to go to the  Synchro Dimension  to seek allies, and that their  Duel Disks  were upgraded to let them travel across dimensions. [36] 
 Upon arriving in the Synchro Dimension, the Lancers were split, and Gong ended up with  Dennis . Gong wanted to look for Yuya, but Dennis was more focused on entertaining the people of the  City , much to his displeasure. Dennis suggested that they have a "Hero vs. Villain" Duel with Gong as the villain. Gong reluctantly accepted. Out of annoyance that Dennis wasn't taking his job as a Lancer seriously and that Dennis lit him on fire with " Hot Surprise ", Gong demanded to be the Hero. [37]  Gong quickly Summoned " Shutendoji " and  equipped  it " Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns " and " Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw " to strengthen it. He brought Dennis to 100  LP , but he countered with a combination of " Performage Trapeze Magician " and " Performage Mirror Conductor " to weaken Gong's  monsters  and reduce his LP to 600. Gong Summoned " Susanowo " to get rid of "Mirror Conductor" and use Dennis' " Performage Hurricane " against him. "Susanowo"  destroyed  "Trapeze Magician," winning Gong the Duel. Afterwards, he and Dennis were approached by  Lucas Swank , who asked if they wanted to meet some strong Duelists. [37] 
 Lucas took them to an alley, and Gong refused to go any further, wanting to search for Yuya, until Dennis pointed out that they were fulfilling their mission as Lancers and Lucas dragged them into the elevator. Upon arriving in New Domino's  Underground Dueling Arena , they were shocked to see  Shay  Dueling  Hunter Pace . Shay later explained that he'd arrived alone and had joined the arena to look for strong Duelists, much to Gong's anger since Gong believed that he should have looked for the other Lancers first. Gong tried to keep the tension down between Shay and Dennis and explained to Lucas about the dimensions, but Dennis convinced him to keep it a secret. Learning about  Turbo Duels , Dennis was set up to Duel Shay, the plan being that they enter the  Friendship Cup  to meet many strong Duelists and Duel the Duel King,  Jack Atlas . Gong was still displeased about the arrangements, namely the greed and gambling of the spectators, but he watched the Turbo Duel with Lucas. [38]  When  Sector Security  arrived and interrupted the Turbo Duel, Gong tried to escape with Lucas, but was cut off by a materialized " Gate Blocker " and arrested. [39] 
 Gong was sent to the  Facility  with Dennis and Shay, but Shay was put in solitary for fighting on the first day that they spent there. He later witnessed the bullying of two new prisoners, who were unable to pay card bribes since their Decks had been stolen before they were arrested, and angrily intimidated and bribed the blonde Security guard into keeping the two safe. The two prisoners developed immense respect for Gong as a result. Yuya and  Sylvio , along with two  Commons ,  Crow  and  Shinji  were placed in their cell, having been arrested the day after Gong was. Gong told the two prisoners that he'd saved to stop acting unseemly before tearfully embracing Yuya, having never thought that he'd see his friend again. He introduced everyone to one another, but had to admit to them that he wasn't the "boss" of the prisoners. Later, after Yuya, Sylvio, Crow and Shinji were bullied in the cafeteria, Gong urged them not to fight, as they would only be sent to solitary and reassured them that they would share their food. Gong later explained to the group that they could use their cards as bribes in order to receive better treatment, and revealed that he had done so for his fellow prisoners. The blonde Security guard then took them to  Chojiro Tokumatsu , the "boss" of the prisoners, who demanded that they hand over their cards to ensure their comfort. Gong refused to hand over his cards for such a purpose and watched Yuya and Tokumatsu's Duel, reassuring the two prisoners that it would be okay. [40] 
 After Yuya's victory, Chojiro held an Entertainment Duel Tournament between himself, Yuya and Sylvio. Gong took notice of both Yuya's despondent mood and Crow's secrecy, and he asked Crow about the events. Learning that Crow, Shinji, and recent arrival  Damon  intended to break out of prison, he was apparently able to convince them to work with the Lancers in doing so and alerted Yuya to Crow's decision. Gong then went to break Shay out of his cell, but Shay had already escaped and they briefly clashed in the corridor. Gong used his sandals to knock out a recovering guard and followed Shay to find their Duel Disks. [41]  He attempted to intervene during Yuya and Silvio's Duel with the  Stomptroopers , but the effects of their " Goyo King " prevented Gong's attack lock with " Superheavy Samurai Magnet " and he was forced to end his turn. Shay joined the Duel and defeated the Stomptroopers with " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ". They met up with Celina, Dennis, Shinji, Crow and Damon, and prepared to swim away from the Facility, but  Tony Simmons , Damon's friend and their contact, had been captured by  Jean-Michel Roget , who had Sector Security recapture the group. The  High Council  then intervened, ordering the group to be brought to them. Once there, Yuya revealed their intents and origins to the Council, backed up by Declan, who had already met with the Council. The Council had the group enter the Friendship Cup to prove their skills and intentions. [42] 
 Gong's first opponent was Crow. He was quickly confused by the Turbo Duel and  Duel Runner 's constant movement which almost caused him to crash, but knowing his mission, he resolved to not let it affect his steadfast spirit. As soon as the Duel began, Gong noticed Crow was distracted about something, which he considered disrespectful. Crow's rapid Synchro Summons managed to destroy Gong's monsters and put him in a pinch. At that moment, an Action Card appeared, but Gong ignored it and took a 2600 ATK  direct attack  from " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Sudden Shower ". On his next turn, Gong revealed his new  Pendulum   Monsters  and performed a Pendulum-Synchro Summon, much to Yuya's surprise and the audience's excitement. Using his " Superheavy Samurai Beast Kyubi ", Gong made a comeback and seemingly won the Duel, but knowing that Crow was being affected by something, he instead encouraged him to Duel more seriously, which gave Crow enough time to get an Action Card, " Evasion ", and survive the turn with it. Crow then proceeded to defeat Gong, but Gong took the loss honorably and congratulated him before leaving. [43] 
 Gong was taken to the  Underground Labor Facility  and put to work. Moon Shadow and Chojiro also joined them, and when Lucas and his cronies tormented the most recent arrival,  Officer 227 , Gong ordered them to stop and demanded to know about Lucas' occupation, given that he had described himself as a promoter. Lucas explained that he searched for strong Duelists in the Underground Arena and Labor Facility and sent them to Jean-Michel Roget, including current Friendship Cup entrant  Sergey Volkov . Lucas explained Sergey's history and rumors that Roget was from a different dimension. [44] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 While underground Gong told Zuzu,  Tarren ,  Amanda , and  Frank  not to do anything on their own. [45]  Gong was doing cleanup work with Sylvio until Crow came down and found out Duel Academy invaded New Domino. Gong, Sylvio, and Shay then got their  Duel Disks  from Moon Shadow, who also informed that Riley was Dueling alone to protect Celina. Sylvio and Shay decide to go help while Gong stayed to protect Zuzu from Sector Security. Gong looked for Zuzu but couldn't find her, so he and Crow split up while Chojiro checked the control room. Gong found Zuzu, who tells Gong that her bracelet was shining and something must have happen to Yuya. He told her Duel Academy finally invaded the Synchro Dimension and Yuya might be Dueling them. Before they could do anything they were separated from each other by the rioting inmates. [46] 
 When Gong, Sylvio, and Chojiro reunited with Yuya,  Moon Shadow , Sora, and  Riley , they found out Zuzu and Celina were captured by Sergey and  Barrett , respectively. They also learned that Roget was a defector of  Duel Academy  who planned to use Zuzu as a bargaining chip to protect New Domino and his plans to turn the Synchro Dimension into his own kingdom. Gong also defended Sora when Sylvio suspected him as a enemy when he was going to rescue Zuzu. Gong was surprised when Friendship Cup still continuing during the chaos. Gong and Chojiro ended up giving in to Yuya, and Gong supported Yuya's body as they began their journey to follow Sora and Moon Shadow. During Jack's and Sergey's Duel, the duo was surprised to see Sergey transform into a Dueling machine. [47]  While still on the move, Yuya and Gong notices how Sergey pushes Jack into a corner but continues to hold his own. After watching Jack saved Sergey from falling off the Duel lane, Gong became moved by Jack's action. [48] 
 After Sergey and Jack's Duel, the Commons continued to riot. During this time, Roget announced martial law throughout New Domino City. In the middle of the speech, Zuzu knocked him to the ground and told Yuya how she truly felt about the situation at hand. After hearing Zuzu's words, Yuya intended to go save her, but Gong stopped him and told him to leave the job to Sora and Moon Shadow. Sam appeared to tell Jack's message to Yuya and come to the Duel Palace but Gong tries to tell Yuya that's not important right now. But, Yuya remembered Zuzu's words and started to head towards the Duel Palace. Though the rioting Commons were in their way, they eventually reunited with Frank, Amanda, and Tarren and led then to the entry of the Duel Palace, where a group of Commons were rioting trying to get in, with Security holding them back. After hearing Yuya was trying to enter the Duel Palace, the Commons turned against Yuya under the belief he was with the Topsiders. At this time, Gong promised Yuya to put his life on the line in order to get Yuya to the palace. Just then Shay, Chojiro, Sylvio, Declan, and Riley appeared while riding Shay's " Raidraptors ". They jumped on and rode with them to the Duel Palace, where Yuya told New Domino that he would Duel Jack and make them smile with their Duel. [49] 
 Gong helped the Lancers and Chojiro in fending off Sector Security when they stormed the Duel Palace, defeating a  Jutte Lord  with "Susanowo". [50]  During the Duel after Yuya managed to withstand the attack of Jack's " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ", Frank, Tarren, and Amanda were worried but Gong replies that Yuya hasn't lost yet. He later went out with the Lancers to quell the Commons' riots. He and Sylvio block off a mob of Commons from Sector Security with "Big Benkei", "Trumpeter", " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian ", " Abyss Actor - Pretty Heroine " and " Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie ". [51]  They succeeded in stopping the riots as everyone was getting wrapped into the Duel and Gong was crying when Yuya won. The Council broadcasted via holograms their confession of the true purpose of tournament, resigned and disbanded, and dissolved the Tops and Commons system. Everyone widely clapped and agreed, and celebrations continued. Gong also watched Sora's broadcast and was surprised when Roget took Zuzu. [52] 
 He and Sylvio arrived at the ruins of Roget's office and they wondered whether Sora had been buried in the rubble, but Shay arrived and reassured them that Sora would not let that stop them. They found Yuya, Crow and Jack with Riley and Moon Shadow outside a room where Declan was Dueling Roget. Sora managed to let the Lancers in, where they learned that Roget was using holographic clones to repeatedly Duel Declan. When Declan managed to thwart Roget's loop of Duels, Roget revealed that the Professor, the leader of Duel Academy, was none other than  Leo Akaba , Declan's father and the founder of LID and the Leo Corporation. Declan managed to throw off the accusations against him and Roget retreated. Sylvio witnessed Yuya and Zuzu's reunion and Roget's attempts to kill them all by dropping New Domino into the void between dimensions. After Roget and Zuzu were both sucked away, Gong, Sylvio, and Shay came to Yuya's aid when he was beginning to get sucked in too. But, their efforts were in vain and all four Lancers were sucked into the portal. They came to in a ruined city and Shay informed them that they were in fact in his home:  Heartland City  in the  Xyz Dimension . [53] 
 
 Heartland City 
 Shay split up with his fellow Lancers, leaving them to wander around the destroyed city. Gong admonished Sylvio for hallucinating from starving. When they found a woman, she ran away from them and dropped her supplies, afraid of the Duel Disks equipped to the Lancers. They decided to return the supplies to her and witnessed a man being sealed into a card by three Duel Academy students. They finally found the woman, who was still afraid of them, so they unequipped their Duel Disks and helped her. Gong argued with Sylvio about eating the food until Gong's growling stomach and the generosity of the woman's sons allowed them to have some. The woman also explained that  the Resistance  had been wiped out for some time by  Duel Academy . After the question, three Duel Academy Duelists appeared. Yuya, Gong and Sylvio defeated them all using Yuya's " Smile World " and a  Pendulum Summon . The three Duel Academy Duelists ran away, only to run into  Kite Tenjo , who sealed them into cards and challenged them to a Duel. [54] 
 After Sylvio accepted his challenge, Gong joined as well in order to prove that they are allies. But, Kite concluded that they are invaders after seeing them use unknown techniques. Even through he and Sylvio tried to prevent Kite from Summoning his dragon, Kite  Xyz Summoned  " Galaxy-Eyes Cipher Dragon " and defeat them both. [55]  Right after being defeated, Gong and Sylvio watched Yuya Dueled Kite, who was able to counter some of Yuya's tactics from learning through his first Duel. Even when Yuya Xyz Summoned " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ", Gong was surprised at Kite being able to destroy it. When Yuya Xyz Summoned " Dark Rebellion xyz Dragon ",  Shay , and  two   other  Resistance members interrupted the Duel and cleared up the misunderstanding as Shay revealed that Yuya, Sylvio and Gong were his comrades. While Kite was still in doubt, Shay assured Kite that Yuya wanted to stop Duel Academy as much as they did, asking him to trust Yuya like he did. Upon hearing Yuya's last name and the female Resistance member's plea to return, Kite refused before taking his leave of them. [56] 
 Gong went to the Resistance's  new hideout  where he scolded Sylvio for being rude to Allen. He was present when Allen began mistaking Yuya for Yuto, and explained to Sylvio, who apparently forgot about Yuto, that he was someone Zuzu ran into a few times before and looks just like Yuya. He heard Shay explaining what happened at  Standard  to Allen and Saya, as well as his initial mistrust of Yuya before he eventually understood Yuto's decision to give Yuya "Dark Rebellion". Gong made a grave face once he found out how Duel Academy launched a second massive attack that wiped out most of the civilians and the Resistance members. He, along with Yuya and Sylvio, were surprised and shocked to hear of  Yusho 's visit to the dimension as well as the fact that Yusho was well-known in Heartland. [57] 
 When Shay and Kite were about to Duel, Gong and Sylvio arrived to stop them but to no futile. While they noted how " Rise Falcon " won't stand a chance against "Galaxy-Eyes" even if  Raptor's Intercept Formation . Gong and Sylvio were surprised on how Kite was able to counter Shay's " Blaze Falcon "  Effect  with " Cipher Bit " and turn it into a  Overlay Unit . When Shay started using action cards to overcome "Galaxy-Eyes", Gong and Sylvio started to chat the effects of each card he use. They started to get as Shay needed one more attack to defeat Kite and were surprised when Yuya revealed that Yuto is residing inside of him. After Kite defeated Shay and was about to seal him in a card, Saya begged not to before revealing that she was scene of Lulu's kidnapping by  Yuri , shocking Gong. Kite reluctantly complied before leaving again. [58] 
 
         Gong and Sylvio find an injured Allen and Saya.     
 When Saya ran off to go find Kite, Gong returned to the hideout and asked Sylvio did he find her to no avail. Shay arrived and decided to split the Lancers into two groups to find Saya. While searching through Heartland, Gong and Sylvio heard something and ran to it. They arrived to see Allen and Saya on the ground defeated. Gong checked on them while Sylvio confronted the  female   Duelists . They then prepare to Duel against the female Duelists. [59]  However, Gong and Sylvio are defeated as well and found by Yuya and Shay. When Yuya asked him what happened, Gong said  Amazoness , catching Shay's attention. When the Tyler sisters  LP  were raised to 10,100, Gong noted how high it was. He was happy when Yuya and Shay were able to defeat the Tyler sisters. [60] 
 After Allen accepted Yuya as a comrade, the Obelisk Force arrived to challenge them. Gong and Sylvio wanted to join but had to stay out cause of their injuries. During the Duel, Gong was worried when Shay was taken out of the Duel when falling debris hit him from " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant " shockwave. [61]  When  Aster 's squad started to surround them, Kite defeated them, allowing everyone to escape while Yuya Dueled Aster. [62] 
 
         The  Lancers  and  Kite  going to the  Fusion Dimension .     
 Gong and others made it back to the hideout with Shay and watched over him while the Resistance went back for Yuya. They then learned that Duel Academy in Heartland decided to abandon  Arc Project  and help rebuild the  Xyz Dimension  to atone for what they have done. Allen expressed his concern over their decision to let them help but Gong told him that Shay won't wake up without proper medical care. When Yuto started to talk through Yuya, Sylvio wondered if was Yuya talking but Gong corrected him. He was surprised when Aster revealed that there's a way to change back the people who had been carded. However, they first must retrieve those who were carded from Duel Academy in the Fusion Dimension since all the carded people were sent there. Using the  Interdimensional Travel Device  in Duel Academy's base in Heartland, Gong, Yuya, Sylvio, and Kite went to Fusion Dimension and found Zuzu cornered by Duel Academy soldiers. [63]  He was surprised to  Iggy  in the Fusion Dimension. When he spotted Dennis, Gong yelled at him for kidnapping Lulu and trying to do the same to Zuzu. They were surrounded by Duel Academy soldiers and Gong Dueled them with Sylvio to protect Zuzu. However, the Duel was left unfinished due to the soldiers being focused on Yuya and Iggy's Duel. When Iggy activated " Evil-Sealing Flash ", Gong noted Yuya and Iggy would take 2000 damage. He watched Yuya fall into the pit, but relieved when he escaped and applauded with everyone else for Yuya and Iggy's Duel. [64] 
 Gong went to the harbor with Yuya, Zuzu, and Sylvio. However, the ship left and they tried to find a boat to catch up with it. But, when they couldn't find one,  Celina  appeared and told them to follow her. [65]  Gong was surprised by the appearance of  Captain Cutter  after Sylvio criticized Cutter's pirate ship. As they set sail on Captain Cutter's ship, more Duel Academy soldiers arrived by helicopter and Zuzu was taken hostage by Celina, while Gong and Sylvio were tied up by Cutter's crewmates. They watched Yuya Duel against Cutter and Gong wondered what Cutter was planning when he Fusion Summoned " Captain Lock ". Solo revealed that the effect of "Lock" would destroy itself if a monster with 1000 or more ATK was on the field, Gong had to explain to Sylvio that "Lock" itself counted. Gong encouraged Yuya to endure Cutter's assaults, but he and Sylvio were shocked when Cutter knocked Yuya off the ship. Fortunately, Crow and the other Lancers arrived and  saved  Yuya, while Moon Shadow freed Gong and Sylvio, allowing them to escape onto Declan's speedboat. He was worried when Cutter used " Grand Naval Battle " to shoot at their speedboat. He watched Yuya and Sora defeat Cutter and learned of the message that Shinji and Chojiro had sent them. [66]  Gong wondered why the Professor wanted Zuzu, Celina, Lulu, and  Rin . Once he learned that they might be connected to the Arc Project, Gong deduced that if they rescued the girls first, the Project would be stopped. [67]  When Declan revealed to everyone how he went to Duel Academy three years ago and asked Yuya's father for help, Gong was surprised. He also learned that Declan found out about  Revival Zero  and wondered what it meant. He found that it was another part of the Professor's plan involving Celina and  Yuri , and may include Yuya as well. Declan told Gong and the other Lancers to believe in their friends' strength and fight to the very end. After arriving on the island, Gong prepared to climb the mountain and charge into the Professor's lab. [68] 
 After climbing up the mountain, they were surrounded by Duel Academy students before utilizing their plan to spilt two groups with Yuya, Gong, Sylvio, Crow, and Moon Shadow Dueling the students while Declan's group continue to the lab. When the students retreated, they chased after them but had fallen into a trap and were captured in energy nets. They were then forced into a  Survival Duel  with five Duel Academy students that would only leave one man standing. Gong deduced that even if they don't card them, Duel Academy will still card the losers. When Moon Shadow went ahead to provide reconnaissance, they heard a scream and ran to the location only to find  a Duel Academy student  sealed into a  card . They then heard something in the bushes and  another student  came out scared. When Sylvio and Crow ran after the student, Gong and Yuya followed them only to lose them. They heard Moon Shadow's scream and ran to his location only to see a purple light. They then found him  carded  and Gong thought it was impossible for him to be defeated. Gong believed that Duel Academy students would really card anyone without care, but Yuya told him there was another. They looked at Moon Shadow's last message, revealing that there was an  eleventh Duelist  in the forest with them and decided to find Sylvio and Crow fast. [69]  Gong and Yuya found  another student   carded  and Gong wondered who's doing it. They ran to find Sylvio and Crow fast due to the danger of staying separated. [70] 
 
         Gong leaps to grab an Action Card, thus breaking his "Heavystrong Style".     
 They were able to find Sylvio and Crow after Crow activated " Blackwing - Last Will ", but Crow was sealed into a  card  right after they arrived. After learning that the  Battle Beast  was responsible for carding the Duel Academy students and Moon Shadow as well, Gong and Yuya challenged him to a Battle Royal Duel. Gong Pendulum-Synchro Summoned " Superheavy Samurai Ninja Shinobiashi " and attempted to bypass the Battle Beast's " Gladiator Beasts " to avoid their battle-activated effects, but he was unable to do so and the Battle Beast destroyed "Shinobiashi" and Yuya's "Odd-Eyes", causing them to take damage whenever their cards were destroyed with his " Pollice Verso ". Although Gong was able to revive "Shinobiashi" in Defense Position, he lost more LP when "Shinobiashi" was destroyed again by the effect of " Gladiator Beast Gyzarus ". Yuya saved Gong by attracting the attention of the Battle Beast, something that Gong knew was due to Gong's Heavystrong style preventing him from using Action Cards. Gong then broke his own Heavystrong style by activating the Action Card " Benkei Guard " in order to save Yuya, though at the cost of restricting his Deck. He was defeated by the Battle Beast and badly wounded as a result. The Battle Beast was about to seal him into a card, but Jack arrived in the arena, surprising everyone present. [71]  He let Jack handle being helped by Sylvio, who thought he held out because he knew Jack was coming. Gong didn't know he was coming, but believed something might happen under pressure. When Jack asked where Crow was, Gong could only close his eyes while Sylvio revealed what happened. When Sylvio wondered why the Battle Beast's damage was so high, Gong reminded of the effect of " Pollice Verso ". When Sander brought " Gladiator Beast Andabata " back with " Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor ", Gong was surprised that he could freely summon other people's monsters. He and Sylvio were surprised when Sanders revealed that the Professor ordered him to eliminate Yuya. When Yuya was in lost in thought, they called out to him because of Sanders' attack. Gong told Yuya not to let their comrades sacrifice go in vain. He was surprised when Battle Beast used the effect of "Tamer Editor" to destroy itself. [72] 
 
         Gong gets help from Jack and Sylvio to stand.     
 Gong wondered why Battle Beast would attack his own allies. He was surprised when Yuya revealed that Battle Beast doesn't really want to fight. He wondered how Yuya and Battle Beast were similar and learned that Battle Beast's violent nature is similar to a threaten animal. When the students wanted their instructor sealed into a card, Gong was surprised by Duel Academy's teachings. He was worried when Yuya was about to be defeated by the effect of "Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor". He was surprised Jack protected Yuya from the second "Fort". When Jack destroyed everything with the effect of " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend ", Gong thought he was overdoing it even though  Pendulum Monsters  return to the  Extra Deck . When Battle Beast brought out " Gladiator Beast Great Fortress ", Gong wondered was he inside it. Gong was surprised when "Andabatae" ATK reached 4000. Gong noted that Yuya is turning a wasteland after he Special Summoned  Level 1   Pendulum Monsters . When Sylvio was surprised when "Gyzarus" came back weak, Gong told him because one monster already left the fortress. When Battle Beast Special Summoned " Gladiator Beast Augustus ", Gong was happy its the last monster and that Yuya still has "Pararhino" to win. But, he was surprised that Battle Beast still had a monster. He and Sylvio wondered what Yuya did when he activated the effect of "Guard Dance". When Sanders thought Yuya will lose, Gong told him that Great Fortress' effect only affect monsters going to the graveyard except for Pendulum Monsters which go to the Extra Deck. When Yuya mentioned the people Battle Beast carded, Gong looked at him while holding the three cards. He told Yuya to go save Zuzu and Celina as Jack and Sylvio helped him. [73] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Gong and  Sylvio  arrived in the  City  and found a hurt Sora and Aster. They checked on them and learned that Yuya became the  Supreme King Z-ARC , including how they were trying to regain Yuya's heart through Dueling. Gong left Sylvio to watch over Sora and Aster to join the Duel until Jack arrived, telling him to wait. They then both joined the Duel, receiving intrusion penalties and watched Z-ARC defeat Shay and Kite. Gong caught Shay and Kite from crashing into the ground and received  Yuya's pendant  from Shay, promising to return Yuya to normal. He told Jack how everyone was trying to regain Yuya's heart and told Yuya they will rescue him. He and Jack then declared to  Z-ARC  that they were his opponents now. [74] 
 
         Gong defeated by Z-ARC.     
 Gong watched how Z-ARC  Synchro Summoned  " Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing " during Jack's turn without a  tuner . He told Kite that " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " is Jack's soul and would never be destroyed with him. He then proclaimed that he'll open the road for Jack and Synchro Summoned " Superheavy Samurai Swordsmith ". He told Yuya to remember his  Heavystrong  Dueling and used the effect of "Swordsmith" to  Special Summon  " Blue Brawler ", " Swordsman ", and " Big Benkei ". He told Yuya that his monsters are the brave people fighting against him and how they inherited the Dueling styles from  their   fathers . He also told him that they fought and worked hard together since they were little, even now those days were engraved into their hearts. When Z-ARC started to mumble Dueltaining and Heavystrong, Gong told Yuya to call up his Dueltaining soul and attack like before while he'll take it with his Heavystrong Dueling. He also told Z-ARC that he'll protect "Scarlight" even if he attacks it or destroy his body. He told Yuya to come with his Dueltaining and all of his monsters were destroyed by the effect of "Clear Wing"  equipped  with " Superheavy Samurai Ward Chief Heavystrong " to Special Summon it from his hand by  tributing  "Swordsman". He then used the second effect of "Heavystrong" to protect itself and "Scarlight" from destruction and end the battle. Gong was surprised when Jack used monsters in his hands to Synchro Summon and used the second effect of "Heavystrong" to prevent "Scarlight" and "Tyrant" from being destroyed. He told Jack he was counting on him to bring Yuya's heart back with his soul's dragons. However, Gong was defeated by the effect of "Clear Wing" with "Supreme Presence" and sent flying. He was checked on Sylvio and told him how Yuya was trying to come back after reacting to Dueltaining. He passed on his Duel Disk and Yuya's pendant to Sylvio and was surprised to see Crow freed from his card. [75] 
 When Crow Synchro Summoned " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ", Gong knew Z-ARC do the same during Crow's turn. He was surprised when Crow negated the effect of " Supreme King Gate Zero " and dealt damage to Z-ARC. Gong was surprised when Z-ARC Summoned " Supreme King Servant Dragon Odd-Eyes ". He was also surprised when he thought Sylvio defeated Z-ARC with " Abyss Script - Abysstainment ". When Sylvio used "Abyss Entertainment" again, Gong noted that Z-ARC already used the effect of "Odd-Eyes". Gong was surprised when  Leo Akaba  joined the Duel. [76]  When  Declan  managed to dealt damage to Z-ARC, Gong told him to open Yuya's heart. He wasn't surprised Declan used the  Pendulum Effect  of " D/D Savant Dirac " to protect himself from "Clear Wing". However, Gong was worried that the world would be destroyed due to Z-ARC turning the Duel around his way and was surprised when he thought "Z-ARC" killed Declan. When  Ray  used  En Flowers  to inflict damage to Z-ARC for every monster destroyed, Gong called it beautiful. However, he was surprised when "Z-ARC" was surprised. [77] 
 Following Z-ARC's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Gong lost his memories of  Zuzu  and the  Lancers ' adventures. He received a invitation from Declan for the  Junior Arc League Championship  and met Yuya and Sylvio at the  Leo Institute of Dueling . They learned from Declan that they would Duel in a four-player  Battle Royal  before the championship. Upon " Quartet of Quandry "  activating , Gong wondered where the fourth Duelist was and was surprised when  Moon Shadow  arrived. Gong told Yuya he wouldn't show any mercy and told him to come at him. He brought out "Big Benkei" and attacked " Performapal Hip Hippo , but Yuya used " Hippo Carnival " to block his attack. On his turn, Moon Shadow reminded them of the Arc League Championship, and Gong's memories started to return. [78]  When Sylvio used " Abyss Improv " to increase the battle damage, Gong increased " Hippo Token 's"  DEF  with the effect of " Superheavy Samurai Helper ", causing Moon Shadow to receive the damage. He then told Yuya that he'll be the one to defeat him. He wondered what was wrong with Yuya when he kept spacing out during the Duel. Gong  Pendulum Summoned  " Superheavy Samurai Preservation " and Summoned " Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns ", using its effects to equip it to "Big Benkei" and attack twice. When  Skip  arrived at the stadium and told Yuya that Zuzu was gone, Gong regained his memories of her. Realizing Yuya will break down, Gong gave up his  LP  to use the effect of " Superheavy Samurai Preservation " to weaken "Superstar" and defeat Sylvio. He then destroyed " Twilight Ninja Getsuga, the Shogun " and used the effect of "Preservation" to destroy his  Pendulum Zone  and attack again, defeating Moon Shadow. [79] 
 When  Henrietta  revealed a baby Riley, Gong was surprised  learned from Declan that the  Natural Energy Cards  turned Riley back into a baby and lost her smile due to absorbing Z-ARC's soul to save Yuya. He also learned the reason for reenacting the Arc League Championship was to return Riley's smile and save the world through Yuya's Dueltaining. He was also surprised when Yuya mentioned Z-ARC's soul being in some part of Riley and learned that Z-ARC will resurrect and the world will be at risk again if they don't do it. When Yuya began to doubt himself, Gong told him he'll save Zuzu ad Riley instead. He destroyed Yuya's monsters and attacked him directly but Yuya  dodged  it. Gong then Synchro Summoned " Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King ", declaring his resolve to defeat Yuya and become a pro. He attacked Yuya directly again, who tried to use "Evasion" again but Gong used " No Action " to prevent him. However, Yuya used " Performapal Signal " to banish all  Spell  and  Trap Cards  from his  Graveyard  to inflict 200 damage for each card. He told Yuya he could do better if he wants to become a pro and  Dueltainer  like his father. His "Stream Train King's" DEF was halved and prevented it from being destroyed due to " Pendulum Illusion ". He then was attacked by "Odd-Eyes" and took double the damage from the effect of "Odd-Eyes". Gong attacked "Odd-Eyes" but Yuya used the effect of "Pendulum Illusion" again, halving "Stream Train King's" DEF again and caused Gong take damage. He then used the effect of "Stream Train King" to destroy "Odd-Eyes" and used its second effect again to inflict damage to Yuya. Gong and Yuya exchanged blows while traveling through "Quartet of Quandry" and bringing their LP down. After "Stream Train King" DEF was halved for the final time, Gong told Yuya to come at him with his final attack and was defeated. He told Yuya his Dueltaining goes further than this and to prove it by saving Zuzu and Riley. When Declan arrived announcing that Yuya wouldn't be promoted to Senior class yet, Gong and Yuya learned that the Battle Royal was done as a continuation for the Arc League Championship due to Duel Academy's invasion and will only permit one Duelist from the Lancers advance to the Senior class. [80] 
 He is later seen watching Yuya's Duel against Jack with Sylvio,  Aura  and  You Show Duel School . Gong and Sylvio discussed how Jack countered Yuya's attack and summoned a  new monster . [81]  He was happy when Yuya won and surprised when Declan became next opponent. Gong wondered if Yuya was being careful when he didn't Pendulum Summon " Performapal Duck Dealer " and cheered him on when he started to. He was amazed at how Yuya and the four dragons hearts were at one. Gong was surprised when Declan summoned " D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon ", " D/D/D Super Doom King Bright Armageddon ", and " D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon  ". [82]  When  Allie  asked him what a portfolio was, Gong wasn't sure but figured it was the "Super Doom Kings" combo. He was worried when Yuya took huge damage from the four dragons being destroyed. Gong was surprised when Yuya used the effect of " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon " to destroy all of Declan's monsters. He then wondered why Yuya attacked "Darkness Armageddon" due to its ATK being higher than "Wing Dragon". Gong was happy when Yuya used the effects of " Odd-Eyes Xyz Gate " and " Wonder Chance " to give " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon " additional attacks. However, he was worried when Declan survived the attacks and when Yuya only had a set card to survive. He was happy though when Yuya used a combo to set up his Pendulum Zone. When Yuya and Declan were collecting  Action Cards  due to the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician ", Gong and Sylvio were surprised at how Declan was stealing Yuya's shine. They were also worried when Declan was catching up to Yuya and Gong wondered who got five cards first. He was happy when Yuya won and was sent to the field by Ray to witness her revival as Zuzu and was crying when she returned. [83] 
 
 Deck 
         Gong and " Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo ".     
 Gong plays a  " Superheavy Samurai " Deck . Unlike most Decks with a mixture of all three card Types ( Monster ,  Spell , and  Trap ), Gong's Deck is composed only of Monster Cards. [6]  Furthermore, his style requires that he have no Spell or Trap Cards in his  Graveyard  and thus he cannot use  Action Cards  as they would remain in his Graveyard after each usage. Because of this, Gong utilizes several  hand trap  monsters that activate their effects from his  hand  or Graveyard. Also, he uses monsters that can be played as Spells as a substitute and bypass the five-zone limit for actual monsters on the  field . For  battling , Gong relies heavily on defensive tactics, allowing his opponent to strike first to counterattack or and using high  DEF  to protect himself. Requiring a Graveyard without Spell and Trap Cards proved to make Gong's Deck rather unfitting for  Tag Duels , as sharing a Graveyard with  Sylvio Sawatari  was implied to have been the cause of their loss against the Tyler sisters.
 For actual attacks, he relies mainly on his  ace , " Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei ", [6]  making him stock up on DEF-boosting cards to further strengthen this monster. By being able to  attack  using DEF instead of ATK for  damage calculation , added with his monsters' huge DEF, Gong can effectively take down strong monsters and/or deal massive damage while still defending himself with very difficult to defeat monsters. As per his "Heavystrong" Dueling style, he seems to only rely on one monster at a time while the rest power it up and/or ensure that it's never defeated.
 After his  DRAW  against  Kit Blade , he decided to incorporate  Synchro Summoning  into his Deck to further strengthen himself. He shows a variety of levels in his Synchro Monsters, providing him with more utility. At the same time, all of these Synchro Monsters possess the effect of attacking in Defense Position, like "Big Benkei". Through this new tactic, Gong can also now make use of Spell and Trap Cards without disrupting his normal Duel style. With " Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo ", he can access the Spell and Trap Effects in his opponent's Graveyard. With " Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King ", Gong can use Spell and Trap and then  banish  them from his  Graveyard , letting him further damage his opponent while restarting his normal strategy.
 Gong later acquires his own  Pendulum Monsters  after becoming a  Lancer , allowing him to Pendulum-Synchro Summon.
 
 
 Superheavy Samurai Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei 
 Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji 
 Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch 
 Superheavy Samurai Blue Brawler 
 Superheavy Samurai Flutist 
 Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves 
 Superheavy Samurai Helper 
 Superheavy Samurai Hexagon 
 Superheavy Samurai Kabuto 
 Superheavy Samurai Magnet  x2 
 Superheavy Samurai Prepped Defense 
 Superheavy Samurai Preservation 
 Superheavy Samurai Scales 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpeacemaker 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbang Cannon 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbeads 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbreaker Armor 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulclaw 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulfire Suit 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulhorns 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulpiercer 
 Superheavy Samurai Soulshield Wall 
 Superheavy Samurai Swordsman 
 Superheavy Samurai Thief  x2 
 Superheavy Samurai Transporter 
 Superheavy Samurai Ward Chief Heavystrong 
 Tuner monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Battleball 
 Superheavy Samurai Drum 
 Superheavy Samurai Fist 
 Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai General Coral 
 Superheavy Samurai General Jade Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Beast Kyubi 
 Superheavy Samurai Ninja Sarutobi 
 Superheavy Samurai Ogre Shutendoji 
 Superheavy Samurai Stealth Ninja 
 Superheavy Samurai Steam Train King 
 Superheavy Samurai Swordsmith 
 Superheavy Samurai Warlord Susanowo 
 
 Others Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Black Sun 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend [Notes 1] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 1 
 No result
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 3 
 No result
 
 
 Kit Blade 
 10 - 11 
 DRAW 
 
 
 Kit Blade 
 23 - 24 
 No result
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 25 - 26 
 Lose
 
 
 Grizzlepike Jones 
 30 
 Win
 
 
 Trick Tagart 
 39 
 Win
 
 
 Halil  and  Olga 
 42 - 43 
 Win (with  Zuzu Boyle ); Eliminated
 
 
 3  Obelisk Force  members 
 49 
 Win (with  Celina ,  Moon Shadow ,  Shay Obsidian  and  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 Dennis McField 
 57 
 Win
 
 
 3  Stomptroopers 
 63 
 Win (with  Shay Obsidian ,  Sylvio Sawatari  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Crow Hogan 
 66 
 Lose
 
 
 Duel Chasers 
 96 
 Win (with  Chojiro Tokumatsu ,  Declan Akaba ,  Riley Akaba ,  Shay Obsidian  and  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 3  Duel Academy  Duelists 
 100 
 Win (with  Sylvio Sawatari  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Kite Tenjo 
 101 
 Lose (with  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 Gloria Tyler  and  Grace Tyler 
 107 - 108 
 Lose (with  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 Duel Academy  Duelists 
 113 
 No result (with  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 Duel Academy  Duelists 
 118 
 No result (with  Crow Hogan ,  Moon Shadow ,  Sylvio Sawatari  and  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Battle Beast 
 120 
 Lose (with  Yuya Sakaki , eliminated)
 
 
 Z-ARC 
 138 
 Lose (with  Jack Atlas )
 
 
 Moon Shadow ,  Sylvio Sawatari  and  Yuya Sakaki 
 141 - 143 
 Win (Moon Shadow and Sylvio), Lose (Yuya)
 
 Trivia 
 Gong is stated to have evolved his Heavystrong Dueling ( Fudo  no Dyueru in Japanese) through  Synchro Summoning .  Yusei  Fudo , the main protagonist of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's , sought to evolve Synchro Summoning (and evolution was a major theme in the show itself). Ironically,  Synchro Monsters  are more associated with  Duel Runners  and speed, especially  Accel Synchro Monsters , while Gong remains standing in a single spot when he Duels. 
 Though Gong learned of Yuya's dimensional counterparts, he never met or saw any of them. 
 References 
 
 ↑   "Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Personnages" . gulli.fr .  http://www.gulli.fr/Chaine-TV/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-ARC-V/Personnages/Gong-Strong . Retrieved April 29, 2015 . 
 
 ↑   " Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Tag Force Special  partner characters" . Konami .  http://www.konami.jp/gs/game/yugioh_tfsp/partner/ . Retrieved January 24, 2015 . 
 
 ↑   "Deutsche Sprecher für „Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V” bei YEP! stehen fest" . Animanga Network .  http://www.anime2you.de/news/23710/deutsche-sprecher-fuer-yu-gi-oh-arc-v-bei-yep-stehen-fest/ . Retrieved March 6, 2015 .   (German) 
 
 ↑   "ANTONIO GENNA: La pagina di Diego Sabre" .  https://www.antoniogenna.net/doppiaggio/voci/vocidsab.htm .   (Italian) 
 
 ↑   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gongen 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   6.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 9: " Dueling with the Stars " 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 17: " Menu Venue: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 20: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 21: " Beyond Belief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 23: " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 24: " For Our Tomorrows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 30: " Gong the Strong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 31: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 33: " Making the Cut: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 35: " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 39: " Imperial Wrath Awakening " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 42: " Battle Fields " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 43: " Fire And Ice " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 45: " Obelisk Assault " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 49: " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 50: " Dueling Declan " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑  37.0   37.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 58: " Scream for the Green " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 59: " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 60: " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 66: " Crow's Crew " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 94: " Road Rage: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 100: " A Warlike Welcome " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 101: " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 102: " Rush for Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 103: " Rise of the Resistance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 105: " Fighting For Friendship " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 107: " Belles & Whistles " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 108: " Twins with Tudes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 109: " Surprise Showing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 110: " Fenced In " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 112: " Hat-Trick " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 113: " Joy of Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 114: " All Duel Hands on Deck " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 116: " A Towering Achievement " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 119: " Family Face Off " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 120: " The Battle Beast " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 121: " Brand of Misfortune " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 137: " A Dark Summoning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 142: " Deja Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is acquired in  episode 42 . 
 
 
 v e 
Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) pages 
 Anime 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Gong_Strong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140406143252', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/FullNoboruGongenzaka.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150503100948', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/Young_Gongenzaka.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140622182515', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Noboru_in_a_Duel_with_Yuya_%28ARCV001%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20141107173924', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/20/PendulumTraining.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160120164419', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/KitGongTie.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424192936', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/eb/ArcV_025.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140928150635', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/ArcV_030.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20141102154409', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/BattleRoyalStartAV39.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150205041427', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Gong_and_Sylvio_Find_Allen_and_Saya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928033703', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/Kaito_and_Lancers_112-1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160705154935', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Gong_Gets_Action_Card.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928033210', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Jack_Helps_Gong_Up.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160927120501', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/Z-ARC_defeats_Gong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170115111933', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/Gong_and_Susanowo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160321215902']
Categories: Characters, Gong Strong pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters