Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_034


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 034 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 ダークシンクロ！いでよワンハンドレッド・アイ・ドラゴン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Dāku Shinkuro! Ideyo Wan Handoreddo Ai Doragon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Dark Synchro! Come Forth, One-Hundred Eye Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 Dark Signs, Part 3 
 
 
 Number 
 034 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 19, 2008 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 4 July 2009 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Hyper Drive " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Ichizou Kobayashi 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 [[Hundred-Eyes Dragon|]] 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " 
 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " 
 
 
 
 
 "Dark Signs, Part 3" , known as  "Dark Synchro! Come Forth, One-Hundred Eye Dragon"  in Japan is the thirty-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 19, 2008 and in the United States on July 4, 2009.
 The  Dark Signer   Kalin Kessler  and  Yusei Fudo  continue their Duel. Kalin then Summons his trump card, the  Dark Synchro Monster  " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon ", hoping to get rid of his former friend once and for all. Also, flashbacks are shown that reveal why Kalin hates his former team.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Kalin Kessler vs. Yusei Fudo 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 
 4.1   Dub 
 4.2   Original 
 
 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 " Infernity Archfiend " was about to attack Yusei, which frightens  Jack  and  Crow , but Yusei activates the  Trap Card , " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow ", which negates the monster's attack. Kalin is disappointed. After his activation, instead of going to the  Graveyard , it turns back into face-down mode again. Jack and Crow are satisfied that Yusei managed to escape the monster's attack.
 Kalin sets 1 card  face-down  and end his turn. Kalin thinks Yusei should have been dead by now and guess he'll use any means to keep himself alive. He said to Yusei that he hadn't change a bit. Yusei tried to said something, but Kalin said it's now Yusei's turn. Yusei draws a card and Summons " Junk Synchron " with 1300 ATK. Both Duelists' SPC goes to 3. Yusei uses the effect of "Junk Synchron" to Summon back " Speed Warrior " with 400  DEF . He then uses "Junk Synchron" and "Speed Warrior" to  Synchro Summon  " Junk Warrior " with 2300  ATK .
 Kalin said to Yusei to go all out twice. Yusei then activates the  Continuous  Trap Card, " Shard of Hope ", in which when a monster he control inflicts  Battle Damage  to his opponent, he can draw a card. And if it is a Trap Card, he can activate it from his hand. Kalin tell him it depends if he can inflict Battle Damage on him. Yusei remembers the effect of Kalin's Continuous Trap Card, " Depth Amulet ". But he also remembers that Kalin has 2 cards on his hand and 2 monsters on his field. Yusei thinks it's a good thing Kalin try to preserve his hand. Kalin smirked.
 Yusei sends "Junk Warrior" to attack "Infernity Beast". But Kalin sends 1 card from his hand to the Graveyard to activate the effect of "Depth Amulet" effect, thus the attack. Kalin laughs sinisterly. Yusei wonders if Kalin going to reduce his hand even further. Kalin thanks Yusei for the consideration. Yusei ends his turn.
 It's now Kalin's turn. He draws a card and both Duelists' SPC goes to 4. He  Tributes  "Infernity Beast" and "Infernity Archfiend" to Summon " Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand " with 0 ATK. By seeing this, Yusei remembers his Duel with  Grady , which only mean one thing : Kalin can summon a Level two or lower monster from his hand. He then Summons " Infernity Dwarf " with 800 ATK. After that, he uses "Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand" and "Infernity Dwarf" to  Dark Synchro Summon . Yusei knew it was going to happen and wonders what will come out of this Dark Synchro Summon. The monster coming out of this Dark Synchro Summon revealed itself as " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " with 3000 ATK. Yusei said this monster is a negative level eight monster with an attack power of 3000. Yusei asks if this creature is his ace monster. Kalin refuses to respond.
 Carly  and Jack are shocked by this monster. Crow wonders what kind of creature "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" is since that monster was never in Kalin's Deck before. Kalin sends "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to attack "Junk Warrior". Jack and Crow are concerned by it. Yusei tried to use the effect of "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow", but Kalin said that his monster's effect is activated. He said when this card is in face-up position, it gains the effect of a  DARK   Attribute  monster in the Graveyard. The monster then copies the effect of "Infernity Beast" in the Graveyard; when the monster attacks while its controller has no cards in their hand, the opponent can't activate any  Spell  or  Trap Cards . Yusei wonders if that was Kalin's plan all along. The effect of Yusei's Trap Card is negated. "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" destroys "Junk Warrior", which causes Yusei to lose 700 Life Points and to lose control of his Duel Runner. Kalin laughs and tells Yusei to be thrown into the flames. Yusei manages to regain control of his Duel Runner. Kalin says that is the way, but he can't drop dead just yet. He says that he will put Yusei through into so much more anguish that it'll kill him. He then ends his turn.
 Now it's Yusei's turn. He draws a card and both Duelists's SPC goes to 5. He then summons " Rockstone Warrior " in Defense Mode with 1600 DEF. Kalin wonders if using a monster in Defense Mode is Yusei's back-up plan. After that, Yusei places a card face-down and ends his turn. Kalin says that Depth Amulet is destroyed after his opponent's third turn. Yusei knows that the Trap Card has already served its purpose. Kalin smirked. 
 Yusei knows that Kalin's strategy is nothing like him at all in the past. He then remembers one of Kalin's duels and knows it all been changed.  Kalin says yes and thanks to Yusei. Yusei wonders why are they fighting. Kalin refuses to respond.
 Kalin remembers back when he, Yusei, Jack and Crow were still  The Enforcers . He asks if they can make themselves satisfied. The team is seen battling  Duel Gangs  like a first one with baseball motives, a second one with kimono on them and a third one on a stage. Kalin says that he doesn't need tricks and that he'll keep pushing on with overwhelming might and guts. Yusei, Jack and Crow were then satisfied by Kalin's confidence. They managed to take over most all of  Satellite 's sector until only Sector M is left. Kalin says to them that they'll dominate all of Satellite. The team agreed with him.
 The group is seen walking down the streets of Satellite. A Duel Gang is spying on them. The Enforcers knows they are been watched. Kalin smirked and tell the Duel Gang to come out now. The Duel Gang seems to have 20 or more members. Crow says that it's unfair. Kalin laughs and says he doesn't see any harm. He also says any less and they'll be unsatisfied. 
 The Duel begins. Crow managed to handcuffed four members. Jack uses " Twin-Sword Marauder " to attack one of the members' " Goblin Attack Force ", thus defeating him. Jack throws the same handcuff to another member, saying he's next. Kalin defeats one member on the stair of the building. He then attack another member. 
 Yusei defeated two members and battles a third one. Yusei guesses the third one is the leader of the rival Duel Gang and says they were the ones who sullied the duel and he'll make them pay their just dues. He throws a handcuff at him. The leader says a match is all about winning and winning means beating the opponent. He drove Yusei to the other building and tried to make him fall from the previous building, saying to Yusei to go to hell. He removes his  Duel Disk  and lets him fall to the ground. Jack and Crow are worried by it. But Yusei is saved thanks to Kalin who throws a handcuff at him.
 Both Duelists' SPC goes to 6. Kalin draws a card and activates the Spell Card, " Speed Spell - Power Baton ", a  Speed Spell  that can only activate once his Speed Counters are at six or above. By selecting one monster card from his Deck and sending it to the Graveyard, one monster on his field will increase in ATK for the  Damage Step  equal to that monster's ATK. And the monster he's sending to the Graveyard is " Infernity Destroyer " with 2300 ATK. By sending this card to the Graveyard, "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" gains 2300 ATK -> 5300 ATK. After that, his monster's effect activates. It gains the effect of "Infernity Dwarf" in the Graveyard. Once his hand is at 0, if its ATK is greater than a Defense Mode monster's DEF, "Infernity Dwarf" inflicts damage to the opponent equal to the difference. Kalin says here lies the power of his zero-card hand Handless Combo. Kalin sends "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to attack "Rockstone Warrior". 
 Kalin says to Yusei to be ready for 3700 in piercing damage. Yusei says he doesn't think so and the effect of "Rockstone Warrior" reduce all damage caused by battle to 0. But Yusei's monster is destroyed by Kalin's monster. Kalin laughs madly and says that Yusei almost didn't make that one and what's in store next. Yusei has no more monsters to shield him on his field and he only has 2 cards in his hand. He wonders if any of the two cards that Yusei holds in his hand be the means to defeat Kalin's "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon". Kalin laughs madly and tells Yusei to doubt, suffer, and beg for his life. Yusei says that's enough and that Kalin never used to be like this.
 He remembers that Kalin saved him from the fall back then. He asks him to let him go. If he doesn't, he be dragged down with him. Kalin says he will never abandon him and he is his friend. Yusei is overwhelmed by this. Kalin says this isn't the end and that the effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" effect activates the effect of "Infernity Destroyer" in his Graveyard, which is when his hand is at 0, if it destroys a monster by battle, it inflicts 800 points of damage to the opponent. He sends "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" to attack directly.
 Kalin and Crow save Yusei from the fall. Yusei thanks Kalin. The rival Duel Gang leader escapes, but he is stopped by Jack. They defeated the rival Duel Gang and took over their sector, thus the Enforcers were now masters of Satellite. The team was happy of their conquest and laughs happily. Kalin throws the map to the air and says that the Enforcers are the best.
 "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" attacks Yusei directly, causing him to lose 800  Life Points . He again loses control of his Duel Runner. Kalin says to him to make sure he burns this time. Crow begs Kalin to stop. Jack is also worried for Yusei. Kalin laughs more madly than ever. Yusei managed to yet again regain control of his Duel Runner. Kalin is very disappointed. Then Yusei remembers something.
 Satellite on a rainy day.  Sector Security  agents patrol Satellite, hunting down the Enforcers. Kalin is seen covered in blood coming from one of the agents. He murdered one of the Sector Security agents. Yusei witnessed it and the two friends fight. The patrol arrives and Kalin calls him a traitor. Kalin, very angry, calls him a traitor just like in the past.
 
 Featured Duel: Kalin Kessler vs. Yusei Fudo 
 ... continued from the previous episode. 
 Turn 3: Kalin 
" Infernity Archfiend " has just attacked directly, but Yusei activates his face-down " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow " to  negate  the attack. After that resolves, "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow" resets itself face-down. Kalin  sets  a card. 
 Turn 4: Yusei 
Yusei draws " Junk Synchron ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 2 → 3; Yusei's SPC: 2 → 3). Yusei then Normal Summons "Junk Synchron" (1300/500) in Attack Position. He then activates the effect of "Junk Synchron" to revive " Speed Warrior " (900/400) in Defense Position with its effects negated. Yusei then tunes "Speed Warrior" with "Junk Synchron" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Junk Warrior " (2300/1300) in Attack Position. 
 Yusei then activates his face-down " Shard of Hope ". Now when a monster Yusei controls inflicts Battle Damage, he can draw a card. If the card is a Trap, he can activate it from his hand by destroying "Shard of Hope", but if the activation requirements of that Trap are incorrect or if the drawn card is not a Trap Card, then the drawn card will be destroyed and sent to the Graveyard. 
 "Junk Warrior" attacks " Infernity Beast ", but Kalin activates the effect of " Depth Amulet " to discard " Infernity Guardian " and negate the attack.
 Turn 5: Kalin 
Kalin draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 3 → 4; Yusei's SPC: 3 → 4). Kalin then Tributes "Infernity Beast" and "Infernity Archfiend" in order to Tribute Summon " Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand " (0/0) in Attack Position. He then activates the effect of "Nightmare Hand" to Special Summon " Infernity Dwarf " (800/500) from his hand in Attack Position. 
 Kalin then Dark Tunes "Infernity Dwarf" with "Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand" in order to  Dark Synchro Summon  " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Due to the first effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon", it gains the effects of all DARK monsters in Kalin's Graveyard.
 "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" attacks "Junk Warrior". Yusei attempts to activate his face-down "Scrap-Iron Scarecrow" in response, but due to the effect that "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" gained from "Infernity Beast", Yusei cannot activate Spells or Traps until the end of the Damage Step as Kalin has no cards in his hand. "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" then destroys "Junk Warrior" (Yusei 3300 → 2600).
 Turn 6: Yusei 
Yusei draws " Synchro Destructor ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 4 → 5; Yusei's SPC: 4 → 5). Yusei's hand is shown to contain " Hyper Synchron ", " Rockstone Warrior " and " Speed Spell - Final Attack ". Yusei Normal Summons "Rockstone Warrior" (1800/1600) in Defense Position and sets a card. On Yusei's End Phase, "Depth Amulet" is destroyed due to its last effect.
 Turn 7: Kalin 
Kalin draws "Speed Spell - Power Baton". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Kalin's SPC: 5 → 6; Yusei's SPC: 5 → 6). Kalin then activates " Speed Spell - Power Baton " to send " Infernity Destroyer " from his Deck to the Graveyard and increase the ATK of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" by the ATK of "Infernity Destroyer" ("One Hundred-Eyed Dragon": 3000 → 5300/2500) until the end of the next Damage Step. Also, Kalin will be forbidden from conducting his next Draw Phase. 
 
       " Rockstone Warrior " shields  Yusei .     
 "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" then attacks and destroys "Rockstone Warrior". Although "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" would inflict  piercing  damage at this point due to the effect that it gained from "Infernity Dwarf" as he has no cards in his hand, Yusei takes no Battle Damage due to the first effect of "Rockstone Warrior". Kalin then activates the effect of "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" that it gained from "Infernity Destroyer" to inflict 800 damage to Yusei as "One Hundred-Eyed Dragon" destroyed a monster by battle and sent it to the Graveyard while Kalin has no cards in his hand. (Yusei 2600 → 1800) [Notes 1] 
 
 Continued next episode... 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the dub,  Kalin  (Kiryu) states that  Yusei  has been using " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow " since  Grade School ; this statement wasn't present in the original. 
 In the dub,  Yusei  states that Kalin hates having an empty hand; this statement wasn't present in the original. 
 The flashback scene where Yusei remembers seeing a  Dark Synchro  Summon by  Grady  (Dick Pitt) is cut from the dub. 
 In the dub, when Kalin is about to Summon " Infernity Dwarf ", he states that it won't be "some old card he used in  High School "; this line wasn't present in the original. 
 In the dub, Kalin mocks Yusei after he loses control over his duel runner calling it his new 'dance craze'. In the original, he wanted Yusei to be thrown into the flames of the field. 
 In the dub, when Kalin Summons " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " Yusei states that it's stronger than any card in his Deck, including his " Stardust Dragon "; this aspect wasn't present in the original. 
 In the original when Yusei thanked Kalin after he said he would never abandon Yusei because he's his friend, Kalin said nothing due to trying so hard to pull Yusei up, while in the dub he said 'save it!". 
 In the dub, when Kalin pulls Yusei up he says that Yusei needs to go on a diet; Kalin (Kiryu) said nothing in the original. 
 In the dub, Kalin makes a reference to  egg-wiches , a reference to  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ; Kalin (Kiryu) didn't say anything in the original. 
 In the dub, during the flashback  Crow  tells  Jack  that he did a good job "taking out" the last member of the Duel Gang; in the original Crow said nothing. 
 In the dub, when Yusei was thrown into the  Shadow Duel circuit  Crow gives Yusei encouragement by telling him to "keep on riding"; in the original Crow wanted the duel between Kalin (Kiryu) and Yusei to stop. 
 In the dub, during the flashback to the night where Kalin (Kiryu) killed the Sector Security officer, Jack Atlas shouts out Kalin's name & begs him to "stop this." In the original Jack's mouth could be seen moving but his words couldn't be heard. 
 The close-up of the blood on Kalin's (Kiryu's) face and clothes along with the dead  Sector Security  officer are removed in the dub. 
 The scene near the end of the episode before the flashback in which Kiryu's glare gets stronger and Yusei gasping from it, is removed in the dub. 
 Mistakes 
 Dub 
 When  Yusei  activates " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow " he mistakenly says that it returns to his  hand  rather than it being placed face-down again. 
 When Yusei shows his " Rockstone Warrior " to  Kalin , he accidentally flashes his middle finger and a glimpse of the Japanese "Rockstone Warrior" can be seen. 
 A glimpse of blood on the  Sector Security  officer beaten up by Kalin can be seen. 
 When " One Hundred-Eyed Dragon " was explained it was shown as an orange effect monster, instead of a gray  Dark Synchro  monster. 
 Original 
 " Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand " can be seen in Kalin's hand in this episode and the previous episode. However he is shown drawing "Nightmare Hand" in this episode. By elimination, the drawn card should have been " Infernity Dwarf ". 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Rockstone Warrior 
 Speed Warrior 
 Tuner monsters 
 Hyper Synchron 
 Junk Synchron Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Warrior Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Final Attack 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 Shard of Hope 
 Synchro Destructor 
 
 Kalin Kessler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Infernity Archfiend 
 Infernity Beast 
 Infernity Destroyer 
 Infernity Dwarf 
 Infernity Guardian 
 Dark Tuner monsters 
 Dark Tuner Nightmare Hand Extra Deck   
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 One Hundred-Eyed Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Power Baton 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Depth Amulet 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Soldier 
 Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Vorse Raider 
 Effect Monsters 
 Archfiend General 
 Blizzard Lizard 
 Dark Eradicator Warlock 
 Goblin Attack Force 
 Twin-Sword Marauder Extra Deck   
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 Frozen Fitzgerald Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Hate Buster 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG  the  damage  dealt by " Infernity Destroyer " is 1600, not 800. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/YGO5Ds034.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304195908', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/RockstoneWarriorShield.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150707230401']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes