Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_016


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 016 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 潜 入 ＳＯＬ 電 脳 要 塞 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Sen'nyū Soru Den'nō Yōsai 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Infiltrate SOL's Cyber Fortress 
 
 
 English 
 Hack Attack 
 
 
 Number 
 016 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 30, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 21, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Believe In Magic " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Atsushi Maekawa 
 
 
 Director 
 Yasumi Mikamoto 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Tsukasa Sunaga 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Mizuki Sato Issei Hasegawa 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Camouflaged Chaos " 
 " Blue's Back! " 
 
 
 
 
 " Hack Attack" , known as " Infiltrate SOL's Cyber Fortress " in the Japanese version, is the sixteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on August 30, 2017 and aired on Teletoon on October 21, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day as the Japanese air date. Pluto TV aired it January 8, 2021.
 In order to search for the truth about the incident ten years ago,  Playmaker  hacked into  SOL's  mother computer, and heads for the data bank that lies deep within its system. However, standing in his way is a Dueling AI program! Can Playmaker get past this new threat and seize the truth?!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Prototype Ai-A vs. Prototype Ai-B 
 2.2   Playmaker vs. Prototype Ai-A 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 It is evening. At  Café Nom , Yusaku and  Kolter  investigate the program they were given by  Ghost Gal . They find that SOL's data bank is in the middle of a labyrinth-like structure. Thankfully, Ghost Gal has already traced the path through the labyrinth. Kolter proposes to probe the path while Yusaku's at school, and also suggests to Yusaku that he should find out how  Skye  is doing. 
 During a lecture at school, Yusaku notices that Skye hasn't turned up for it. He then looks around the corridors after the lecture, as well as the  Duel Club , but still can't find her. Yusaku then asks  Naoki Shima  during their next class together, but Shima says that Skye hasn't been at school for days. When Shima asks to look at Yusaku's homework, Yusaku has already disappeared. Outside of the school grounds, Yusaku notes that Skye hasn't logged in for the same amount of time. Ai thinks Skye's brother must be imprisoning her in the real world as well. Thinking back to Blue Angel's previous duel, Yusaku doesn't blame  Akira Zaizen  for overreacting.  Ai  says Akira should be blaming the Hanoi. Yusaku replies that logic goes out the window when family is involved. At the Zaizen home, their housebot prevents Skye from leaving her room, as usual. It then goes to deliver her dinner. Later that night, Skye laments at her failure to change Akira for the better. She decides to see what's happening in  LINK VRAINS  for the first time in a while. 
 Meanwhile, Akira is angry at Ghost Gal after finding out that she allowed Playmaker access to SOL's data bank. While Ghost Gal gives her justification, a moth in bright colors appears to listen in. Akira realizes that Ghost Gal planned this from the start, and intended to lose to Playmaker. He concedes, deciding to give Ghost Gal one more chance, and logs out. This allows Ghost Gal to command Blue Angel out of hiding. Skye is shocked at what Ghost Gal knows, but Ghost Gal convinces Skye that there is a role for her, and it would change her life.
 A while later,  SOL Technologies  trial their latest security bots, known as "Green A" and "Red B". Two are selected to engage in a Speed Duel against each other.  Kitamura  heads the trial and boasts that their bots are unstoppable. He also thinks to himself that he'll eventually get the international plaudits he deserves, all because Akira Zaizen put family over job. At Café Nom, Kolter tells Yusaku that the path is authentic, but filled with traps. Kolter warns Yusaku that he won't have room for error, nevertheless, Kolter can help him out as long as he can still communicate with Yusaku. Ai is alarmed at Yusaku's logic of going in knowing there are traps, and tells him to look to the future. Yusaku counters that because of his past, he has no future. 
 Yusaku wastes no time, trapping Ai in his Duel Disk and logging into LINK VRAINS. Kolter sends Playmaker a device that would help him get through the labyrinth more quickly. Kolter also says he has jammed the green fragments that would home in on intruders. Upon turning the last corner as navigated by Kolter, a pink fragment is launched towards Playmaker, who dodges. Knowing that the pink fragments are upgraded forms of security, Kolter quickly gives Playmaker three " Sphere Kuriboh ", each of which would allow him to go through one pink fragment. Playmaker uses up all three of them, but, before he can finally move past Area A of the labyrinth, a  Data Storm  blocks his way. From behind, a pink fragment severs the communication line between Playmaker and Kolter. Playmaker holds up his device in order to for the pink fragment to force Playmaker through the Data Storm, but upon doing so, is attacked by more pink fragments, which send signals to the rest of security. Kitamura sees that his security system has been breached. His subordinates show Kitamura the culprit on their feeds, and Kitamura is shocked to see that Playmaker is the intruder.
 Playmaker gets on his D-Board to ride out the storm. Akira and Emma watch him closely as well. An enraged Kitamura calls for his security bots to be dispatched. Thus, a pair of green and red bots materialize from behind Playmaker, chasing after him. They both attempt to initiate a Speed Duel against Playmaker at once. Akira and Emma are happy with what they are seeing, and decide to log into LINK VRAINS as well. Playmaker turns 90 degrees to dodge both bots. Kitamura becomes worried about losing his job at this point, and slumps on his chair. But then he realizes he can program his bots to become the greatest duelists in existence. 
 Meanwhile, the green bot has found Playmaker and moves ahead of him. He initiates the Speed Duel against Playmaker and goes first. During his turn, the green bot depletes Playmaker's hand with the effects of his two " Tentacluster Drillworm ". As Playmaker begins his turn, Akira and Ghost Gal move towards the data bank. The card Playmaker draws is lost to "Drillworm's" second effect immediately. Then, the red bot knocks Playmaker aside. Kitamura claims that he'll win whether Playmaker loses the Speed Duel or gets knocked off his board during a Speed Duel, and looks forward to his promotion. 
 The red bot gets ready to launch a punch on Playmaker that would have knocked him out. However, the red bot's hand is caught by a whip which throws him away. Playmaker sees that Blue Angel has arrived, and Blue Angel is not happy with the unfairness of the bots. The bots recognize Blue Angel as another intruder, and Blue Angel taunts the bots one more time.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Prototype Ai-A vs. Prototype Ai-B 
 The Duel is conducted as a  Speed Duel  and begins from an unspecified  turn .
 A's turn 
 Prototype Ai-A   Special Summons  " Tentacluster Darkwhip " (100/500) via unspecified means.
 An unknown amount of time is skipped. 
 B's turn 
 Prototype Ai-B   activates  the  Continuous Spell Card , " Abyss Invitation ". Whenever  effect damage  of 500 or less is inflicted, an additional 200 damage will be inflicted afterwards.
 The rest of the Duel is not shown. 
 
 Playmaker vs. Prototype Ai-A 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Speed Duel .
 Turn 1: Ai-A 
 Prototype Ai-A   activates  the  effect  of " Tentacluster Darkwhip " (100/500) in its hand,  paying  500  LP  to  Special Summon  it (Ai-A: 4000 → 3500 LP). Ai-A then activates the Spell Card " Machine Duplication " to Special Summon two copies of a  Machine  monster with 500 or less ATK from its  Deck . It Special Summons two more copies of "Darkwhip" (100/500 each).
 Ai-A uses the three copies of "Darkwhip" to  Link Summon  " Tentacluster Nautilus " (0/LINK-3/↙↓↘) to the  Extra Monster Zone . As "Nautilus" was Link Summoned, AI-A activates its effect to Special Summon a "Tentacluster" monster from its hand to a zone it  points to . It Special Summons " Tentacluster Drillworm " (600/1200) to the bottom  Link Point  of "Nautilus". Ai-A Normal Summons a second copy of "Drillworm" to the bottom-left Link Point of "Nautilus". Ai-A activates the effect of "Nautilus" to destroy all cards it points to. As both "Drillworms" were destroyed, Ai-A activates their effects, allowing it to send a random card from  Playmaker 's hand to the GY for each, and if a monster was sent to the GY, another random card is sent to the GY. " Flick Clown " and " Dual Assembwurm " are sent to the GY by the effect of the first "Drillworm", while " Linkslayer " and " Cynet Defrag " are sent to the GY by the effect of the second.
 Turn 2: Playmaker 
During the  Standby Phase , as Ai-A controls no monsters in the Main Monster Zones, and has no cards in its hand, it activates the effect of "Drillworm" in its GY,  banishing  the other "Drillworm" from its GY to send a random card from Playmaker's hand to the GY, then Special Summoning it in  Defense Position  (600/1200). " Dotscaper " is sent to the GY. 
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Playmaker (Yusaku Fujiki) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dotscaper 
 Dual Assembwurm 
 Flick Clown 
 Linkslayer 
 Sphere Kuriboh  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cynet Defrag 
 
 Prototype Ai-A Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Tentacluster Darkwhip  x3 
 Tentacluster Drillworm  x2 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Tentacluster Nautilus Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Machine Duplication 
 
 Prototype Ai-B Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Abyss Invitation 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Angel 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 ปกป้องสมองกลของโซล
 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/Vrains_016.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170830122454', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/Playmaker_VS_Ai-A.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20170830132739', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Flag_of_Thailand.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090428233822']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes