Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ancient_Gear

This article is about the  archetype . For the card, see  "Ancient Gear" (card) . For the anime archetype, see  "Ancient Gear" (anime) .     
 
 
 Ancient Gear 
 アンティーク・ギア  ( Antīku Gia ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Ancient Gear Golem " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Antique Gear 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Rouages Ancients 
 
 
 German 
 Antike/r/s Antrieb Antiker Antrieb (formerly) „Antik“ und „Antrieb“ (formerly) 
 
 
 Italian 
 Ingranaggio Antico 
 
 
 Korean 
 앤틱 기어   Aentik Gieo   (romanized) Translation:  Antique Gear 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Mecanismo Antigo Engrenagem Ancião (formerly) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Mecanismo Antiguo Mecanismo Ancestral/Engranaje Ancestral/Mecánico Ancestral (Castillian Spanish anime dub) 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 The Lost Millennium Shadow of Infinity Gladiator's Assault Light of Destruction The Duelist Genesis Structure Deck: Machine Re-Volt Master Collection Volume 1 Primal Origin Raging Tempest 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Revelation Volume 3 Dark Revelation Volume 4 Mattel Action Figure promotional cards: Series 3 World Championship 2010 Card Pack Machine Reactor Structure Deck Duel Overload Maximum Gold: El Dorado Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal - Champion of Chaos!! Structure Deck: Machine Re-Volt Special Edition Tournament Pack 2011 Vol.2 Expert Edition Volume 3 Expert Edition Volume 4 V Jump March 2017 promotional card Structure Deck R: Machine Dragon Re-Volt LINK VRAINS Pack 3 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Advanced Event Pack 2020 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 
 " Ancient Gear ", known as " Antique Gear " (アンティーク・ギア  Antīku Gia ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  Machine   monsters  used by  Vellian Crowler  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX ,  Rudolph Heitmann  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  and  Duel Academy  students' personnel, such as  Yuri ,  Dennis McField ,  Jean-Michel Roget  and the  Obelisk Force  members, in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V . All members of this archetype are  EARTH  monsters, except for the  DARK  " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Playing style 
 
 2.1   Other cards 
 
 
 3   Weaknesses 
 4   Recommended cards 
 
 
 Design 
       Linework of " Soldier ", " Golem " and " Beast "     
 The humanoid "Ancient Gears" bear a striking similarity to Ancient Greek soldiers, and so their creation may be linked to the Antikythera mechanism. 
 True to their name, all "Ancient Gear" monsters resemble armored robots of varying designs with their bodies featuring unions of cogwheels and gears, joining several parts of their bodies together. The backgrounds of most of the  Main Deck  monsters features gears.
 Their name "Ancient Gear" is likely a reference to the old age of the mechanism that governs their functioning, which normally would require an external force to move them but interestingly enough they seem to be self-sufficient. This implies that contrary to their apparent antiquity, that they may be far more advanced than they look.
 When they are used as Fusion Material by  Duel Academy  members in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , their Summon Chant mentions that they carry "ancient spirits" or other similar terms. This seems to imply that the "Ancient Gear" monsters may be old machines possessed by spirits, which could explain their functioning despite their old workings. This could also be the reason behind their glowing eyes.
 
 
 Playing style 
 "Ancient Gear" Decks focus on either  Tribute Summons  or  Fusion Summons .  The signature feature of the "Ancient Gear" monsters is to prevent the activation of Spell/Trap cards during their attack.  This allows "Ancient Gear" monsters to attack without fear of being stopped by any Spell/Trap Cards.  Due to the prevalence of  monster effects  that can be activated during the Battle, newer monsters also prevent their activation. (They aren't immune to Spell/Trap Cards, however.) 
 A number of cards allow "Ancient Gear" monsters to be Summoned from the Deck, such as " Spell Gear ", " Ancient Gear Catapult ", " Geartown " and " Machine Duplication ". Cards such as "Geartown" and " Ancient Gear Castle " allows ease of Tribute Summoning "Ancient Gear" monsters. "Catapult" is best used to destroy "Geartown" or " Ancient Gear Fortress " in order to fuel the swarm. Since "Catapult" ignores the Summoning conditions, it can also Special Summon " Ancient Gear Beast " or " Ancient Gear Golem  ( - Ultimate Pound )".
 For their supports, " Geartown " and " Ancient Gear Castle " ease  Tribute Summon , and the latter boosts the  ATK . " Ancient Gear Fortress " and " Ancient Gear Hydra " provide a shield to "Ancient Gear" cards, and " Ancient Gear Reborn " can easily revive those monsters from the  GY  as well as strengthen them slightly.  " Ancient Gear Wyvern " and " Ancient Gear Workshop " can allow for hand recovery.
 For  Fusion Summons , " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound " is simply " Polymerization ". The series starts off with " Ancient Gear Howitzer ", which can inflict damage and summon more "Ancient Gear" monsters while  ignoring its Summoning conditions  when  destroyed by battle .  " Ancient Gear Megaton Golem " can allow for multiple attacks (should the right monsters be used as  Fusion Material ), and can then evolve into " Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem " for more damage, and finally, the only non-EARTH monster, " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", for total eradication.  The deck further encourages the use of " Ancient Gear Golem " with their signature  Fusion  card " Ancient Gear Fusion ", which can almost instantly bring out any of the "Ancient Gear" Fusion Monsters if "Golem" is on the field.
 
 Other cards 
 This deck has synergy with " Gadget " archetype, as " Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Chimera " and " Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon " can be used in combination with the "Gadget" monsters to unleash their effects. Both " Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon " and " Ancient Gear Hydra " also gain effects upon Tributing either "Ancient Gear" or "Gadget" monsters while still functional even just Special Summoned. The relationship is further strenghthened by " Ancient Gear Gadget ", a monster that is of both archetype at the time, with the monster itself can act in place of any "Gadget" monsters in the  card pool .
 " Gold Gadget " and " Silver Gadget " can be used due to their ability to float and eventually Summon "Gadget", which upon Tributing can provide "Reactor Dragon" and "Hydra" with their full effects. "Gold" and "Silver Gadget" can also be used in conjunction with " Ancient Gear Wyvern " in order to search a card and at the same time Xyz Summon " Gear Gigant X " for further searching.
 Other cards can work well with the Deck are Pendulum Cards, specially the " Metalfoes " archetype. This is mostly because the Pendulum monsters can be placed on a Pendulum Zone, making them valid targets for "Catapult", also "Metalfoes" themselves can destroy "Geartown" or "Fortress" if needed, and can also destroy "Gold" and "Silver Gadget" with minimal drawbacks while at the same time fueling their main strategy. Moreover since they can enable Pendulum Summons they can greatly facilitate the Tribute Summon of "Reactor Dragon" or "Hydra" and if "Gold and Silver Gadget" are Special Summoned this way, they can be destroyed so the player can search both "Metalfoes" cards and "Ancient Gear Gadget". However, the use of "Wyvern" prevents the use of "Metalfoes" cards.
 The New Master Rules, however, hardly affect the deck itself (excluding non "Ancient Gear" teched in). As the player could focus on  Tribute Summon  "Golem" or "Reactor Dragon", which is as strong as  Extra Deck  Monster. Also, the deck would only need one of their Fusion Monster at a time. Since the release of “Ancient Gear Ballista“, this archetype now has even higher consistency due ability to not only search “Geartown”, but destroy it in the same turn and reduce an opposing monster’s ATK and DEF to 0, making OTKing even easier
 
 Weaknesses 
 While containing unbelievably powerful beatsticks  which are nigh-impossible to kill in battle and can OTK very easily, ”Ancient Gear” Decks have some very obvious weaknesses. Monster effects, especially during the Main Phase, no ”Ancient Gear” monsters have any sort of protection against. Cards like ”Effect Veiler” can negate your monsters’ effects or Ash Blossom and Joyous Spring can stop you from searching using ”Wyvern” or ”Ancient Gear Frame”. This CAN be mitigated by ”Ancient Gear Fortress”, however you’ll likely end up destroying it to summon a strong ”Ancient Gear” monster. In addition, ”Ancient Gear Wyvern” has a powerful search effect but hardly lets you set up a possible defense against the opponent aside from the cards already in your hand. Since this Archetype heavily relies on battle, ”Threatening Roar” can give your opponent time to counterattack, and going first is usually not an option with this Deck.
 The Deck also lacks removal options, and often has no way of beating any monster with higher ATK than them (so higher than at least 4500), which can leave an “Ancient Gear” player a sitting duck while the opponent beats them down repeatedly. However,  Ancient Gear Hydra  can banish monsters it battles but doesn't destroy,  and  Ancient Gear Explosive  can be used to inflict damage to your opponent directly at the cost of a monster. Also, the Deck‘s main goal is to summon "Chaos Ancient Gear Giant" to OTK, but that really only works if he opponent has a lot of monsters on their field, meaning Decks that rely on few to one monster at a time will massively slow down an ”Ancient Gear” player, and the lack of recovery options doesn’t help either.
 Cards like " Acid Rain ", " Magnetic Mosquito ", and " System Down " have the potential to shut down an "Ancient Gear" Deck completely. Although these cards can be hard to counter, " Imperial Iron Wall ", " Starlight Road ", " The Huge Revolution is Over " and other Spell/Trap negation cards can prevent them activating.
 Finally, being Machine Monsters, they can be used as Fusion Materials for an opponent's " Chimeratech Fortress Dragon ".
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Box 
 Ancient Gear Engineer 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound 
 Ancient Gear Hunting Hound 
 Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon 
 Ancient Gear Wyvern 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Jinzo 
 Machina Fortress 
 Machina Gearframe 
 Machina Megaform 
 Minefieldriller 
 Planet Pathfinder 
 Gemini monsters 
 Ancient Gear Knight Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Howitzer 
 Ancient Gear Megaton Golem 
 Chaos Ancient Gear Giant 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon 
 Chimeratech Megafleet Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon Infinity 
 Cyber Dragon Nova 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand 
 Gear Gigant X 
 Googly-Eyes Drum Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Ballista Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Castle 
 Ancient Gear Catapult 
 Ancient Gear Drill 
 Ancient Gear Explosive 
 Ancient Gear Factory 
 Ancient Gear Fortress 
 Ancient Gear Fusion 
 Ancient Gear Workshop 
 Geartown 
 Action Magic - Full Turn 
 Branch! 
 Double Cyclone 
 Fusion Conscription 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Future Fusion 
 Gemini Spark 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Iron Call 
 Limiter Removal 
 Overload Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 Power Bond 
 Spell Gear 
 Terraforming 
 Trade-In 
 Traps 
 Ancient Gear Reborn 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Cross-Dimensional Duel 
 Fusion Reserve 
 Metaverse 
 Rivalry of Warlords 
 
 Gadget Ancient Gear Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Box 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Chimera 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Ancient Gear Gadget 
 Ancient Gear Hydra 
 Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon 
 Ancient Gear Wyvern 
 Gold Gadget 
 Green Gadget 
 Red Gadget 
 Silver Gadget 
 Yellow Gadget 
 Tin Goldfish 
 Tuner monsters 
 Karakuri Watchdog mdl 313 "Saizan" Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Scrap Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gear Gigant X 
 Other Rank 4 monsters Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Catapult 
 Ancient Gear Fortress 
 Ancient Gear Drill 
 Ancient Gear Workshop 
 Arrivalrivals 
 Creature Swap 
 Geartown 
 Double Cyclone 
 Double Summon 
 Inferno Reckless Summon 
 Iron Call 
 Limiter Removal 
 Machina Armored Unit 
 Machine Duplication 
 Terraforming 
 Trade-In 
 Traps 
 Ancient Gear Reborn 
 Back to the Front 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Metaverse 
   
" Ancient Gear " 「アンティーク・ギア」 Members 
 Ancient Gear Ancient Gear Ballista Ancient Gear Beast Ancient Gear Box Ancient Gear Cannon Ancient Gear Engineer Ancient Gear Frame Ancient Gear Gadget Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Chimera Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon Ancient Gear Golem Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound Ancient Gear Howitzer Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Ancient Gear Hydra Ancient Gear Knight Ancient Gear Megaton Golem Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon Ancient Gear Soldier Ancient Gear Token Ancient Gear Wyvern Chaos Ancient Gear Giant Toon Ancient Gear Golem Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem 
 Ancient Gear Castle Ancient Gear Catapult Ancient Gear Drill Ancient Gear Explosive Ancient Gear Factory Ancient Gear Fist Ancient Gear Fortress Ancient Gear Fusion Ancient Gear Reborn Ancient Gear Tank Ancient Gear Workshop 
 Support 
 Ancient Gear Ballista Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound Ancient Gear Howitzer Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Ancient Gear Hydra Ancient Gear Megaton Golem Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon Ancient Gear Wyvern Chaos Ancient Gear Giant Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem 
 Ancient Gear Castle Ancient Gear Catapult Ancient Gear Drill Ancient Gear Explosive Ancient Gear Factory Ancient Gear Fist Ancient Gear Fortress Ancient Gear Fusion Ancient Gear Reborn Ancient Gear Tank Ancient Gear Workshop Cross-Dimensional Duel Geartown Spell Gear 
 Related 
 Green Gadget Red Gadget Yellow Gadget 
 Polymerization Toon World 
 
 v e 
" Ancient Gear " 「アンティーク・ギア」 a   Members 
 Ancient Gear Ancient Gear Beast Ancient Gear Booster Ancient Gear Box Ancient Gear Cannon Ancient Gear Castle Ancient Gear Catapult Ancient Gear Double Imitation Ancient Gear Drill Ancient Gear Engineer Ancient Gear Engineer Ancient Gear Explosive Ancient Gear Factory Ancient Gear Fist Ancient Gear Fortress Ancient Gear Gadget Ancient Gear Golem Ancient Gear Golem Ancient Gear Howitzer Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Ancient Gear Hydra Ancient Gear Inspection Ancient Gear Knight Ancient Gear Magic Shield Ancient Gear Mask Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon Ancient Gear Reborn Ancient Gear Reverse Fusion Ancient Gear Soldier Ancient Gear Spark Shot Ancient Gear Statue Ancient Gear Tank Ancient Gear Workshop Ancient Gear Wyvern Chaos Ancient Gear Fusion Chaos Ancient Gear Giant Double Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Toon Ancient Gear Golem Triple Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem Ultimate Ancient Gear Hunting Hound Unfinished Ancient Gear 
 Support 
 Ancient Gear Castle Ancient Gear Catapult Ancient Gear Explosive Ancient Gear Factory Ancient Gear Fist Ancient Gear Fortress Ancient Gear Hydra Ancient Gear Inspection Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon Ancient Gear Workshop Ancient Gear Wyvern Geartown Spell Gear Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem Unfinished Ancient Gear 
 Anti-support 
 Ancient Gear Inspection 
 Related 
 Ancient Armageddon Gear Polymerization 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/AncientGearGolem-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120420194652', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/Ancient_Gears_Linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20070904151048']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)