Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Barian

This article is about the species. For other uses, see  Barian (disambiguation) .      
       Few members of the Barian species; from left to right;  Dumon ,  Vector , and  Mizar .     
 A  Barian , or  Varian  (バリアン  Barian ), [1]  is one of a species of beings originating from  Barian World , a high-energy world in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. Most of them were once human, but they all have been reincarnated as Barians when they died. The majority of those lived in the  United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean  before their deaths, hence why  Nash  was reborn as their leader. An elite group of Barians are the  Seven Barian Emperors . The  Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World  are also an enforcer group of Barians. Since  Barian World  was originally part of  Astral World  before the power of  Chaos  was banished from it, a small portion of the Barians were originally denizens from Astral World. The only known Barian to fit in this category is  Don Thousand .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance & Physiology 
 1.2   Etymology 
 1.3   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Known Barians 
 3   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance & Physiology 
 While in Barian World, Barians appear humanoid, though they tend to conceal themselves in cloaks. [2] 
 One Barian,  Vector , has also exhibited the ability to take on an energy form while on Earth, which resembles a winged, red version of  Astral . [3] 
 
       A Barian's heart     
 The Seven Barian Emperors, formerly human, resemble humanoid beings with unnatural skin color, such as purple or red. Furthermore, all of them have what seem to be crystals and/or armored-like plates on their bodies, such as Mizar's face resembling a mask, Girag's face resembling a helmet, and Dumon having gems on his body. Also unlike humans, they seem to lack certain organs such as mouth or nose, or perhaps those organs are otherwise not seen;(excepted for Don Thousand due to being from Astral World) despite this, their senses appear unhampered, as is their ability to speak. They also have crystals for hearts and as seen with Mizar, they seemingly have the ability to survive in space.  [4]  They also cannot maintain their Barian forms on Earth without the use of a  Sphere Field , with the exception of  Number ruins .
 In contrast, other Barians, such as those belonging to the  Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World , take on less humanoid forms depending on the different species based off of them, like a  cicada , a  jellyfish , a  mosquito , and even a  fly . They can even survive in low-energy enviornments such as Earth in their true forms.
 
 Etymology 
 The name Barian or Varian is derived from the latin word  varius , whose definition can mean "different, changing, and diverse" as it reflects the Barian species having set apart from their Astral counterparts.
 The  Seven Barian Emperors  of Barian World are loosely named after one of the stars of the  Big Dipper  in the Japanese version:  Durbe  after Dubhe,  Alito  after Alioth,  Mizar  after Mizar,  Girag  after Merak,  Vector  after Phecda,  Nasch  after Benetnasch and  Merag  after Megrez.
 
 Abilities 
       Alito  and  Girag  training.     While on  Earth , Barians are forced to take on a human form, not knowing that this form was the one they had from the time they were humans, although  Dumon  apparently only needs to do this if his  Baria Crystal  is damaged. The only major resemblance between both their Barian and human form is their hair, which only changes color. [5]  As energy beings, they have remarkable tolerance to pain, even in human form;  Girag  was able to take a punch in the face from  Fender  without so much as a flinch, though they are not immune to pain and injury entirely.  Dumon ,  Erazor ,  Chironex ,  Scritch , and  Mr. Heartland  however, can retain their true Barian forms on Earth, though Dumon has only done so inside of or very close to  "Number" ruins  and the  Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World  all did so within Barian Fields.  [6]  With the partial merging of Earth and Barian World, the Barian Emperors can take their true forms on Earth.
 Barians can travel from Barian World using  Overlay Networks  and can also utilize the ability on Earth, vanishing and teleporting on a whim. [5] [7] [8]   Mizar  showed the ability to fire energy balls for offensive purposes, though they do not cause lasting damage. [7]  These abilities can also be granted to humans.  Vetrix , who made a contract with the Barians, was able to produce  energy balls  and use the aforementioned networks to travel. [9] 
 
         " Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus " has winged-like parts on its body, which all have Barian energy seen in it.     
 Barians possess the ability to  Rank-Up  their  Xyz Monsters  by the use of " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force ", which possesses the power of  Chaos  to let them Summon " Number C " and " CXyz " monsters. "CXyz" monsters originate from Barian World and are produced there as "weapons" to defeat the " Numbers ". [2]  While in human form, Barians cannot wield them, but they can use "Barian's Force" to brainwash humans into doing so for them. [5]  The brainwashing effect seems to vary depending on who does the brainwashing. Girag's victims retain their personalities, but become devoted to serving Barian World, while Vector's victims are more like sleeper agents; retaining their original personalities until the brainwashing activates when they draw "Barian's Force", at which point they become ruthless and sadistic like Vector himself. Alito's brainwashing on the other hand completely robs the victim of free will and personality.  Don Thousand 's brainwashing has two levels; the first altering the victim's personality (and possibly their memories) to become more aggressive, while the second puts the victims completely under his control. Interestingly, the Barians themselves are not immune to being brainwashed as seen when Girag brainwashed Vector (though he could have been faking), and when Don Thousand brainwashed Girag and Alito. In addition, if a Barian were to lose a Duel to a person using a "CXyz", they would vanish from existence, just as  Astral  would if he lost to a "Number". [10] 
 
 Known Barians 
 Former denizens of  Astral World 
 Don Thousand  (God of  Barian World ) 
 Seven Barian Emperors 
 Alito 
 Dumon 
 Girag 
 Marin 
 Mizar 
 Nash 
 Vector 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Chironex 
 Erazor 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Scritch 
 People of the  United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean [11] 
 Iris 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 89: " Darkness Dawns " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 71: " A Trio's Challenge: Part III " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 133: " Vector the Victor " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   5.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 80: " Rivals in the Ring " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 108: " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 82: " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 85: " Counter Offensive: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 43: " The Dragon Awakens " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 81: " The Friendship Games " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 121: " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/Barians.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20130322234830', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ed/A_barian%27s_heart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131019192144', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/Alito_and_Girag_training.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121214193140', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/Barian_energy_inside_a_Chaos_Xyz.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130704075053']
Categories: Character groups