Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Duke_Devlin_(Duel_Links)


 
 Duke Devlin 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Marc Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Ryo Naito 
 
 
 
 Duke Devlin  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Duke Devlin , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime. He appears in the event  Roll the Dice! Duke Devlin Appears , where he was made obtainable on March 29th, 2021.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 
 
 4   Level-up Rewards 
 5   Duel Rewards 
 
 5.1   Roll the Dice! Duke Devlin Appears! 
 
 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Duke’s father yearned for revenge against Solomon Muto, so Duke was raised to hate Yugi. Duke challenged Yugi to a strategy game that he invented - Dungeon Dice Monsters - but he lost at his own game. Despite his defeat, Duke eventually grew to become one of Yugi’s good friends.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-in Summonning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Duke Deck Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bat  x3 
 Lizard Soldier  x3 
 The Shadow Who Controls the Dark  x2 
 The Statue of Easter Island  x2 
 Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Ninja  x2 
 Crimson Ninja  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Dimensionhole  x2 
 Traps 
 Dice Re-Roll 
 Level 10 
 
 Set up the Dice Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Bat  x3 
 Dice Armadillo 
 Gradius  x3 
 The 13th Grave  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 DUCKER Mobile Cannon  x2 
 Orgoth the Relentless 
 Vilepawn Archfiend  x2 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Dimensionhole  x2 
 Traps 
 Fire Darts  x2 
 Option Hunter 
 Level 20 
 
 Go, Attack! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Assailant  x3 
 Gradius  x3 
 Spikebot 
 Effect Monsters 
 Darkbishop Archfiend 
 DUCKER Mobile Cannon  x2 
 Jade Knight 
 Orgoth the Relentless 
 Vilepawn Archfiend  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Cyclon Laser 
 Diced Dice 
 Dimensionhole 
 Fairy Meteor Crush 
 Traps 
 Fire Darts 
 Option Hunter 
 Level 30 
 
 I Strike Fast and Hard! Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Yaranzo  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 B.E.S. Big Core 
 Darkbishop Archfiend  x2 
 Falchionβ  x2 
 Infernalqueen Archfiend 
 Jade Knight  x2 
 Orgoth the Relentless 
 Victory Viper XX03  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Diced Dice 
 Power Capsule 
 Summon Dice  x2 
 Traps 
 Dice Re-Roll  x2 
 That Six 
 Level 40 
 
 Relentless Sword Clash! Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Oni Tank T-34  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Astra Ghouls 
 B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 
 Dicelops  x3 
 Lord British Space Fighter 
 Orgoth the Relentless 
 Snipe Hunter 
 Strike Ninja  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Diced Dice 
 Limiter Removal 
 Summon Dice  x3 
 Traps 
 Dice Re-Roll 
 That Six 
 Level-up Rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Duke Devlin reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 1
 
 "Dice of Orgoth the Relentless" ( Skill )
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Dice Armadillo "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck Slot (Duke Devlin)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Shield Recovery "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck Slot (Duke Devlin)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Roulette Barrel "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Dice It "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 "Draw Sense: Dice" (Skill)
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Armored Core "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Dice Armadillo "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Shield Recovery "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 "Dice Booster" (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Orgoth the Relentless "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Roulette Barrel "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Dice It "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck Slot (Duke Devlin)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Armored Core "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Dice Armadillo "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Shield Recovery "
 
 
 36
 
 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Roulette Barrel "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Dice It "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck Slot (Duke Devlin)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Armored Core "
 
 Duel Rewards 
 Roll the Dice! Duke Devlin Appears! 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Orgoth the Relentless ", " B.E.S. Big Core MK-2 ", " Prime Material Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ambitious Gofer ", " Goblin Black Ops "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Oni Tank T-34 ", " Spikebot ", " Dice Re-Roll "
 
 
 N 
 
 " The Statue of Easter Island ", " Ancient Lizard Warrior " 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Dice of Orgoth the Relentless
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Orgoth the Relentless" to your Deck.
 Can be used once, on the turn you Summon "Orgoth the Relentless". For this turn only, your first dice roll will be a 6.
 
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Draw Sense: Dice
 
 Instead of conducting your normal draw, 1 random card that requires a dice roll is added to your hand from your Deck. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Main Deck that has 6 or more cards with different names that require a dice roll. This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Dice Booster
 
 Can be used once per turn. Roll a die. The ATK of all monsters you control will be increased by the number of the die x50 until the end of the turn. If you get 2, 3, 4, or 5, you cannot use this Skill for the rest of the Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Crest Deployment
 
 Roll a die. If the result is less than the current turn count, play 1 "Orgoth the Relentless" from your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Deck Master Effect: Strike Ninja
 
 When your Life Points are at 1500 or below, each the following can be used once per Duel.
 Send 1 "Ninja" or "Ninjitsu Art" card from your hand to your Graveyard. Then, select 1 set card in your opponent's Spell & Trap Zone and take control of it. 
 Select 1 card that you are not the original owner of and banish it. Then, play 1 "Strike Ninja" from outside of your Deck. 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dice Recovery
 
 Can be used once per turn. Roll a die. Increase your Life Points by the number of the die x200 points. If you get 2, 3, 4, or 5, you cannot use this Skill for the rest of the Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dice Return
 
 Roll a die. Return as many cards that require a dice roll as the number of the die from your Graveyard to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Go, Gradius!
 
 Once per turn, you can activate 1 of the following effects:
 Can be used if you control "Gradius": Change the "Power Capsule" in your hand to either "Gradius' Option" or "Cyclon Laser". 
 Can be used if you only control 1 monster, whose original name is "Gradius": Change this monster into either "Victory Viper XX03" or " Vic Viper T301 ". 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Roll 'n' Boost
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 2000. Show 1 monster card in your hand to the opponent and roll the die once. The Level of the monster shown becomes that of the die number until the end of the turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Summoning Crest
 
 Roll a die three times. Effects vary depending on the result. This Skill can only be activated if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains 9 or more cards requiring a dice roll (excluding Extra Deck). This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 If the total number is 12 or lower: Add 1 "Orgoth the Relentless" to your hand from your Deck. Then, return 1 card from your hand to the bottom of the Deck. 
 If the total number is 9 or lower: Change the Level of "Orgoth the Relentless" in your hand to 4, until the end of the turn. 
 If the total number is 6 or lower: You can conduct up to 2 Normal Summons/Sets this turn. 
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck.
 You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.
 This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi  or  Yugi Muto , Duke announces "Yugi! Let's see who's the real King of Games!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "Well done, Yugi. I may have lost, but no regrets. 
 Joey Wheeler 
 When starting a Duel with  Joey Wheeler , Duke announces "If I win, you do whatever I say for a week. Deal?"
 When he wins the Duel, Duke says "I'm gonna enjoy having an obedient dog for the next week!" followed by "Just kidding Joey... maybe." 
 Mai Valentine 
 When Duke loses a Duel against  Mai Valentine , he says "Wow, Mai. Not bad at all." 
 Yami Bakura 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Bakura , Duke announces "Having a Millennium Item doesn't make you a Dueling expert!" 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 When starting a Duel with  Maximillion Pegasus , Duke announces "I get to Duel the Creator of Duel Monsters?" followed by "Wow! This is a honor Mr. Pegasus". 
 When he wins the Duel, Duke says "Pegasus, would you like to give my game a try?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Duke says "It’ll take a miracle to defeat the creator of this game." 
 Tristan Taylor 
 When starting a Duel with  Tristan Taylor , Duke announces "You want to Duel? I didn’t think you even knew the rules..."
 When he loses the Duel, Duke says "I need a moment... I can’t believe I lost to an amateur..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Duke Summons " Orgoth the Relentless ", a cut-in frame of Duke briefly appears, and he announces "This is D.D.M.'s strongest monster! I dimension the dice!" "Emerge, Orgoth the Relentless!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Orgoth the Relentless" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Orgoth the Relentless" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Orgoth, show 'em why you're called Relentless!" followed by "Diamond Blade Strike!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Check this! Orgoth the Relentless's effect!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke Summons " Gradius ", a cut-in frame of Duke's face briefly appears, he announces "I Summon Gradius!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Gradius! Fire!" 
 When Duke Summons " Strike Ninja ", a cut-in frame of Duke's face briefly appears, and he announces ""This monster will work perfectly!" followed by "Dash in, Strike Ninja!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Strike Ninja!" followed by "Stealth Slash!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Stealth Ninja's effect!" followed by "The Art of Camouflage!" 
 When Duke Summons " Blue Thunder T-45 ", he announces "Blue Thunder T-45 on the scene!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blue Thunder T-45, launch your attack!" followed by "Boomerang Blast!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blue Thunder T-45's effect activates!" 
 When Duke Summons " Cuben ", he announces "I Summon Cuben!
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Cuben!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Cuben's effect!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll! 
 When Duke Summons " D.D.M. - Different Dimension Master ", he announces "Whoa! D.D.M.?!? Dungeon Dice Monsters? ...Oops, no." followed by "It's D.D.M. - Different Dimension Master!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "D.D.M. - Different Dimension Master attacks!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate D.D.M. - Different Dimension Master's effect!" 
 When Duke Summons " Dark Assailant ", he announces "I Summon Dark Assailant!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Attack, Dark Assailant!" 
 When Duke Summons " Dark Bat ", he announces "I Summon Dark Bat!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Dark Bat attacks!" 
 When Duke Summons " Delta Tri ", he announces "Join the fight, Delta Tri!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Delta Tri, launch your attack!" followed by "Lightning Sword!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Delta Tri's effect activates!" 
 When Duke Summons " Dicelops ", he announces "Come on out, Dicelops!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Let's go, Dicelops! Attack!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Dicelops's effect!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke Summons " Dimension Jar ", he announces "Dimension Jar enters this realm!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dimension Jar attacks!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dimension Jar's effect activates!" 
 When Duke Summons " Falchionβ ", he announces "I Summon Falchionβ!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Falchionβ, launch your attack!" followed by "Gravity Barrage!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Falchionβ's effect activates!" 
 When Duke Summons " Gradius's Option ", he announces "Gradius's Option!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Gradius's Option, attack!" 
 When Duke Summons " Jade Knight ", he announces "I Summon Jade Knight!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Jade Knight, launch your attack!" followed by "Round Laser!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Jade Knight's effect activates!" 
 When Duke Summons " Lord British Space Fighter ", he announces "Lord British Space Fighter, blast off!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Lord British Space fighter, launch your attack!" followed by "Ripple Laser!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Lord British Fighter's effect activates!" 
 When Duke Summons a " Multi Token ", he announces "I Special Summon a Multi Token!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "My Multi Token attacks!" followed by "Ripple Laser!" 
 When Duke Summons " Oni Tank T-34 ", he announces "I Summon Oni Tank T-34!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Oni Tank T-34, track 'em down!" 
 When Duke Summons an " Option Token ", he announces "I Special Summon an Option Token!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "My Option Token attacks!" followed by "Fire Blaster!" 
 When Duke Summons " Ryu-Kishin ", he announces "I Summon Ryu-Kishin!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Ryu-Kishin attacks!" 
 When Duke Summons " Snipe Hunter ", he announces "I Summon Snipe Hunter!"
 When Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Snipe Hunter attacks!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Snipe Hunter's effect!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke Summons " Spikebot ", he announces "I Summon Spikebot!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Go, Spikebot!" followed by "Spike Attack!" 
 When Duke Summons " The 13th Grave ", he announces "I Summon The 13th Grave!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The 13th Grave attacks!" 
 When Duke Summons a " Thunder Option Token ", he announces "I Special Summon a Thunder Option Token!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Thunder Option Token attacks!" followed by "Boomerang Blast!" 
 When Duke Summons " Trigon ", he announces "Here comes Trigon!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Trigon, launch your attack!" followed by "Dragon Laser!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Trigon's effect!" 
 When Duke Summons " Victory Viper XX03 ", he announces "Fire your jets, Victory Viper XX03!
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Victory Viper XX03, launch your attack! Fire Blaster!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Victory Viper XX03's effect activates!" 
 When Duke Summons " Yaranzo ", he announces "I Summon Yaranzo!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Yaranzo attacks!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Duke activates " Blind Destruction ", he announces "My Continuous Trap Card, Blind Destruction!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Duke announces "Blind Destruction's effect activates!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke activates " Cyclon Laser ", he announces "I equip Cyclon Laser on Gradius!" 
 When Duke activates " Dice Re-Roll ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Dice Re-Roll!" 
 When Duke activates " Dice-nied ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap Card, Dice-nied!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Duke announces "Dice-nied's effect activates!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke activates " Dicephoon ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Dicephoon!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke activates " Diceversity ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Trap Card, Diceversity!"
 When Duke activates the effect of that card, he announces "Diceversity's effect activates!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke activates " Dimensionhole ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Dimensionhole!" 
 When Duke activates " Dragon Laser ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Dragon Laser!" 
 When Duke activates " Fairy Meteor Crush ", he announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Fairy Meteor Crush!" 
 When Duke activates " Limiter Removal ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Limiter Removal!" 
 When Duke activates " Michizure ", he announces "My monster doesn't like going to the Graveyard alone!" followed by "I activate the Trap Card, Michizure!" 
 When Duke activates " Power Capsule ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Power Capsule!" 
 When Duke activates " Summon Dice ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Summon Dice!" or "Summon Dice's effect activates!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke activates " That Six ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap Card, That Six!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Duke Summons " Dice Jar ", he announces "I Summon Dice Jar!"
 Most of the time when Duke declares an attack with this monster, he announces "Dice Jar, attack!" 
 When Duke activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dice Jar's effect activates!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Duke activates " Blind Obliteration ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Blind Obliteration!" followed by "Go, Dice Roll!" 
 When Duke activates " Safe Zone ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Safe Zone!" 
 Trivia 
 The unlock event, "Roll the Dice! Duke Devlin Appears", is based on the manga events surrounding Duke's encounter with Yugi and his friends. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba , Duke Devlin,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Axel Brodie ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo ,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Primo ,  Antinomy ,  Kalin Kessler ,  Yuma and Astral ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Bronk Stone ,  Tori Meadows , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 There are Legendary Duelists who have enhanced counterparts that appear during their unlock events:
 Bonz  - Spooky Bonz 
 Zane Truesdale  - Dark Zane 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  - Ultimate Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar  - Prophetic Sartorius 
 Prana  - Transcendent Unknown Duelist 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD)  - Super Joey 
 Reginald Kastle - Raging Shark 
 Kite Tenjo - Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 Antimony - Determined Antinomy 
 Duke Devlin - Ambitious Duke 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , Zane Truesdale, and  Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and  Rex Goodwin 
 Duke Devlin,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi ,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM)  and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Axel Brodie,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba, Aigami,  Sera , and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) , Mai Valentine, Tristan Taylor (DM), and Duke Devlin 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki  and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale,  Aster Phoenix , Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and Tori Meadows 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/60/DukeDevlin-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/307?cb=20210625133724', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Profile-DULI-DukeDevlin.png/revision/latest?cb=20210325172305', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/CutiIn-DULI-DukeDevlin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210325173249', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Summoning-DULI-DukeDevlin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210325171716', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Defeat-DULI-DukeDevlin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210325173848', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters, Duke Devlin pages