Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gishki


 
 Gishki 
 リチュア  ( Richua ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Gishki Emilia " and " Gishki Noellia ", in the artwork of " Aquamirror Illusion ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Ritua 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Gishki 
 
 
 German 
 Gishki 
 
 
 Italian 
 Gishki 
 
 
 Korean 
 리추어   Richueo   (romanized) Translation:  Ritua 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Gishki 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Gishki 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Soul of the Duelist Stardust Overdrive Extreme Victory Generation Force Photon Hypernova 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Revelation Volume 3 The Secret Forces Astral Pack One Astral Pack Five Photon Shockwave Hidden Arsenal 5: Steelswarm Invasion Hidden Arsenal 6: Omega Xyz Hidden Arsenal 7: Knight of Stars Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Soul of the Duelist: Vendor Edition Expert Edition Volume 3 V Jump Edition 4 Duel Terminal - Raid of the Inverz!! Duel Terminal - Judgment of Omega!! Duel Terminal - Xyz Startup!! Duel Terminal - Sacred Star Knights!! Duel Terminal - Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! Advanced Tournament Pack 2014 Vol.3 Photon Hypernova +1 Bonus Pack Secret Utility Box 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Expansion Pack Vol.4 Advanced Event Pack 2014 Vol.4 Premium Pack Vol.13 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Gishki ", known as " Ritua " (リチュア  Richua ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  WATER   monsters  released in  Duel Terminal - Raid of the Inverz!! . Their team symbol is a  blue sapphire mirror , that almost all the members wear, usually around their necks or on their staves.
 The  Ritual Monsters  and  Xyz Monsters  in the archetype all have "Evigishki" at the beginning of their names (except " Zielgigas " and " Psychelone "), and are transformed, merged or revived versions of pre-existing monsters, either from the "Gishki" themselves, or from other archetype. Additionally, while the "Gishki"  Ritual Spell Cards  can Ritual Summon any "Gishki" Ritual Monster, each Ritual Monster has a thematically associated Ritual Spell Card.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Story 
 2   Design 
 
 2.1   Appearance 
 2.2   Etymology 
 
 
 3   Members 
 4   Playing style 
 
 4.1   Zielgigas Turbo/Beatdown 
 4.2   'Level 8' Gishki 
 4.3   Hieratic Gishki 
 4.4   Gishki FTK 
 
 
 5   Recommended cards 
 6   Weaknesses 
 7   Trivia 
 
 
 Story 
         
 The "Gishki" are an organization that wields a  relic   similar  to  that  of the " Ice Barrier ", but uses it for a  forbidden technique  in order to mutate and transform themselves into wicked monsters. In order to gain the bountiful  resources  of the  Mist Valley  marshlands, they begin to invade the " Gusto " territories. However, they are interrupted by the " Steelswarm ", who intend to take over the surface land. The "Gishki" have no choice but to work with the other clans. With the " Vylon 's" temporary assistance, they obtain  new powers  with which to resist the "Steelswarm". Although the invaders are defeated, other conflicts arise: the "Vylon" decide to exterminate the clans in order to prevent future wars. Out of options, the "Gishki"  choose to team   up with the   other clans, once again , in order to cease the actions of the "Vylons". After the "Vylons" are beaten back, the unions between clans dissolve and the "Gishki"  turn to the "Lavals"  to power their rituals. Since materials continue to run scarce, they resume their original invasion of "Mist Valley", enacting a genocide of the "Gustos".
 Once again, their conquest of the Valley is interrupted, this time by the " lswarm " virus, which spreads rapidly across the Duel Terminal World. Even after  resurrecting   the three dragons   of the  "Ice Barrier" in order to combat the corrupted forces of the "lswarm", most of the "Gishki" tribe  is unable  to resist the disease and  are themselves infected   and recruited . Up against a proverbial wall, the Gishki, in a moment of desperation, revived  the leader  of the "Steelswarm" in a last-ditch effort.
 After the war against " Sophia, Goddess of Rebirth " was  brought to   an end  by " Constellar Sombre " and " Evilswarm Kerykeion ", the only known survivors from this tribe are " Gishki Avance " and " Gishki Emilia ".
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 All "Evigishki" monsters appears to be corrupted, transformed or even combined versions of pre-existing "Gishki" monsters with each other or with monsters from another archetype or a monster from another archetype that was transformed/revived as an "Evigishki".
 
 Etymology 
 Their Japanese name, "Ritua", is a corruption of the English word "Ritual", used in the  TCG  terms "Ritual Spell Card", "Ritual Summon" and "Ritual Monster".
 Their English name, "Gishki", is a corruption of the Japanese word 「 儀式 」 Gishiki , meaning "Ritual" in the same context as the  TCG  terms. The choice for the English name not only translates the play on words perfectly, but also prevents the need for explaining how cards with "Ritual" in their name aren't part of the archetype.
 Due to their Japanese names, " Ritual Buster ", " Ritual Weapon " and " Spiritual Forest " are also members of this archetype. However, because support for this archetype only covers monsters and Ritual Spell Cards, this is not an issue.
 
 Members 
 
 
 First element 
 Second element 
 Merged form
 
 
 Gishki Ariel 
 
 Gishki Reliever 
 
 Evigishki Mind Augus 
 
 
 Gishki Avance 
 
 Gishki Beast 
 
 Evigishki Levianima 
 
 
 Gishki Emilia 
 
 Gusto Falco 
 
 Evigishki Gustkraken 
 
 
 Musto, Oracle of Gusto 
 
 Evigishki Merrowgeist 
 
 
 Gishki Noellia 
 
 Vylon Tetra 
 
 Evigishki Tetrogre 
 
 
 Lswarm  Virus
 
 Gishki Psychelone 
 
 
 Gishki Shadow 
 
 Gishki Aquamirror 
 
 Evigishki Soul Ogre 
 
 
 Steelswarm Hercules 
 
 Gishki Zielgigas 
 
 Playing style 
 The "Gishki" archetype focuses on Ritual Summoning and on sending cards from your opponent's hand, field or Graveyard back to the Deck, thwarting their strategies and making them lose card advantage; it also can recycle cards to maintain its own user's advantage.
 Since Ritual Summoning requires a lot of resources, the Deck is well-stocked with search effects and the non-Ritual monsters focus on setting up the Ritual Summons (" Gishki Shadow ", " Vision ", " Noellia " " Abyss ", " Ariel ", " Vanity ", " Marker " etc.) or can be combined with the "Gishki" Ritual monsters' effects, such as " Gishki Chain ", " Avance " and " Natalia ", that work very well if played alongside with "Gishki Zielgigas" or "Levianima" if you choose.
 " Gishki Beast " is a versatile Rank 4 engine for the deck, as it allows you to quickly  Xyz Summon   Bahamut Shark  (or any other Rank 4 Xyz Monsters) and summon  Toadally Awesome  as a means to interfere with opponents plays and/or protect your own. In a pinch you can also use a Special Summoned "Gishki Shadow" or "Vision" as the entire Tribute for a Ritual Summon, or utilize the retriever and searcher effect of "Gishki Abyss", or "Gishki Marker".
 So far, there are have been a handful of variants of this deck, which duelists can choose from to suit their preferable strategy.
 
 Zielgigas Turbo/Beatdown 
 This variant focused on Summoning multiple " Gishki Zielgigas " in one turn, often resulting in massive card advantage shift and, in some cases, an OTK. This is thanks to cards such as " Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max " and " Number 35: Ravenous Tarantula , or managing to summon all 3 Zielgigas. The potential is magnified significantly by " Salvage ", which the deck uses extremely well to loop summons and keep the grind going. 
 Gishki Zielgigas also has among the best forms of the removal in the game, as it doesn't target and sends cards straight back to the deck, eliminating any effects that would otherwise activate in the graveyard or banish zones. As a result, this bypasses pretty much any form of protection, with only cards specifically "unaffected by other card's effects" being safe from it.This makes counterplay extremely difficult once the loop begins. Due to this, cards like " Mound of the Bound Creator " are occasionally found within this deck, as primary protection for "Zielgigas". This was the fastest variant when Zielgigas was first released, but has less control (usually due to the reliance on drawing "Salvage" during the loop to continue it) and has become less effective due to power creep. 
 Modern Zielgigas Turbo builds tend to learn towards a similar deck composition to  Nekroz , as well as making use of the  Impcantation  archetype for additional searching. They also use  Zaborg the Mega Monarch  to tribute the leftover "Impcantation" monsters. After this, the player would send cards such as  Toadally Awesome  and  Herald of the Arc Light  to the graveyard for a gigantic increase in card advantage thanks to the card's search effects. Given the Ritual Monsters tend to stay in the hand once they're out of the deck, facilitating Impcantation monsters is rarely - if ever - an issue. 
 
 'Level 8' Gishki 
 This variant utilizes " Evigishki Levianima " as its main power source, coupled with cards like " Trade-In " to speed up the deck. A copy of " Evigishki Soul Ogre " can also be utilized as both a problem-solving card and as Ritual fodders for "Levianima". Another redeeming quality of Level 8 Gishki is the potential for using cards like  Moulinglacia the Elemental Lord  and  Gameciel, the Sea Turtle Kaiju  as both tech choices and potential Ritual material. As a result, running a  Kaiju  Gishki build is very possible. 
 However, apart from the extra draw power and tech potential, there is very little reason to play the Level 8 Evigishki's compared to running Zielgigas Turbo, which essentially made the inclusion of "Levianima" and "Soul Ogre" obsolete. This is because "Zielgigas" provides the same utility of each, but in a better form with drastically better draw power, damage output and Rank 10 access. "Levianima" also relies on the  Battle Phase  to draw a card, which in the modern metagame is much, much worse than getting one in the  Main Phase . The focus on a single Ritual Monster is also highly beneficial, adding extra consistency to the deck in comparison.
 
 Hieratic Gishki 
 This variant utilizes the ability of " Evigishki Gustkraken ", coupled with  Hieratic  monsters like " Hieratic Dragon of Tefnuit " and " Hieratic Dragon of Su " to create a loop similar to the  Wind-Up Hunter  discard loop, forcing an opponent to play with less cards in their hand. Given "Evigishki Gustkraken" sends cards to the deck rather than discard them, this deck was especially potent. This deck can also utilize several Rank 6 Xyz Monsters such as " Gauntlet Launcher " and " Constellar Ptolemy M7 " to eliminate problematic monsters.
 This variant's power has been diminished significantly since the Limitation of " Evigishki Gustkraken ", and to some lesser extent, " Evigishki Mind Augus " as well. 
 
 Gishki FTK 
 In 2013, a  Deck out  strategy utilizing the "Gishki" engine along with a massive  Spell  lineup received prominent attention. The idea was to reuse cards such as " Card Destruction " through " Evigishki Mind Augus "'s effect to deck out the opponent. This deck was termed "Gishkill.". 
 Gishkill FTK created problems in Organized Play because its play sequences during the first turn could take over 40 minutes, which is the the standard allotted time for an official tournament match. Gishkill's notoriety led to " Evigishki Mind Augus " being limited by the  September 2013 Lists (TCG) . Although a version of "Gishkill" was still usable after this (known as Single Augus), the limitation effectively eliminated the playerbase's interest in the deck due to how inconsistent it became.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gishki Abyss 
 Gishki Avance 
 Gishki Ariel 
 Gishki Beast 
 Gishki Grim 
 Gishki Shadow 
 Gishki Vision 
 Atlantean Dragoons 
 Beautunaful Princess 
 Djinn Demolisher of Rituals 
 Djinn Disserere of Rituals 
 Djinn Presider of Rituals 
 Manju of the Ten Thousand Hands 
 Tragoedia 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Gishki Psychelone 
 Gishki Zielgigas 
 Evigishki Gustkraken 
 Evigishki Levianima 
 Evigishki Mind Augus 
 Evigishki Nereimanas 
 Evigishki Soul Ogre Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Evigishki Merrowgeist 
 Abyss Dweller 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 
 Daigusto Emeral 
 Number 35: Ravenous Tarantula 
 Skypalace Gangaridai 
 Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max 
 Toadally Awesome Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Aquamirror Focalization 
 Forbidden Arts of the Gishki 
 Gishki Aquamirror 
 Gishki Icemirror 
 Gishki Photomirror 
 Moray of Greed 
 Ritual Cage 
 Ritual Weapon 
 Salvage 
 Trade-In 
 Traps 
 Aquamirror Cycle 
 Aquamirror Meditation 
 Aquamirror Illusion 
 Grisaille Prison 
 Royal Decree 
 Poseidon Wave 
 Torrential Reborn 
 Urgent Ritual Art 
 Weaknesses 
 Despite the enormous potential of their high-speed Ritual Summoning technique, "Gishki" Decks have substantial cons. First there's anti-Special Summoning cards: " Archlord Kristya ", " Evilswarm Ophion ", " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo ", " Jowgen the Spiritualist " and the " Vanity's " cards can stop the heart of this deck's strategy, due to its reliance on Special Summoning, no matter the build. 
 Anything that prevents the deck from searching its cards are significant threats to the deck. As a result, " Thunder King Rai-Oh ", " Thunder Dragon Colossus ", " Mistake " and " Deck Lockdown " all pose a threat, since they can block the effects of "Gishki Shadow" and "Gishki Vision" among other valuable cards. Finding workarounds for these cards is paramount in finding success with the deck. " Book of Moon ", and " Lost Wind " can handle "Thunder King Rai-Oh" and "Thunder Dragon Colossus" quite effectively, while generic Spell/Trap Removal such as the popular " Twin Twisters " can be used against back row attempts.  
 Hand Traps are notably dangerous for Gishki Decks, as cards such as " Droll & Lock Bird " and " Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion " can completely stop "Gishki Shadow" and "Gishki Vision" from functioning. This can make it much harder to set up for Ritual Summons, or important plays with "Gishki Beast". " Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit " can also prevent a majority of the archetype's main plays. Due to this, using " Called by the Grave " is often recommended. 
 " Dimensional Fissure ", " Herald of the Arc Light ", " D.D. Crow " and " Macro Cosmos " are also trouble. The Graveyard is the primary resource for the deck, given their drop-and-recycle strategy, so being shut off from it can have serious repercussions. "Herald of the Arc Light", can also negate a valuable card, thus potentially ruining an important Ritual Summon. Banishment renders almost all the key "Gishki" cards partially, if not completely, useless.
 Cards such as " Black Rose Moonlight Dragon " and " Penguin Soldier " can bounce any Summoned "Gishki" Ritual Monsters, preventing them from hitting the field, while also crippling " Gishki Aquamirror " recycling ability.
 
 Trivia 
 " Gishki Noellia " seems to be the leader of the "Gishki", by the way she is depicted in the artwork of " Aquamirror Illusion " and used her  secret wizardry  to turn herself into " Evigishki Tetrogre " (in conjunction with " Vylon Tetra "), used her powers to turn " Gishki Emilia " into "¨ Evigishki Gustkraken " and  was forced  to use them to revive " Steelswarm Hercules " as " Gishki Zielgigas ". However, as shown in the artwork of " After the Storm " and " Spell Wall ", she used to be a good being, a protector of her tribe, but was later  corrupted  by the " lswarm " Virus, that turned her into " Gishki Psychelone ". 
 " Gishki Emilia " and " Gishki Natalia " are  Spirit monsters  because they are the reincarnations of dead characters of the "Gishki" storyline: "Natalia" died when she and " Gishki Noellia " tried to ally with the " Steelswarm " to defeat the " Fabled ", as shown in the artwork of " Trial and Tribulation ". "Emilia" lost her life during the  forced transformation  into " Evigishki Gustkraken ", conducted by "Gishki Noellia";  she was later revived , but as a Spirit, with no physical body. 
 " Evilswarm Ketos " is " Gishki Shadow " infected with the "lswarm" virus. 
 Concerning of ATK, DEF and Level stats:
 Out of all the "Gishki" monsters with a Level, " Gishki Diviner " is the only with a non-even one. 
 "Gishki Zielgigas" has the highest ATK and Level of any Aqua monster in the game and for a long time had also the highest Level if any Ritual Monster, until the revelation of " Herald of Ultimateness ". Alongside with " Koitsu " and " The Tyrant Neptune ", it also has the highest Level of any WATER monster released so far. 
 "Evigishki Soul Ogre" has the highest DEF of any Aqua monster. 
 "Evigishki Tetrogre" has the highest ATK of any Level 6 or lower Ritual monster; alongside with " Jawsman " and " Frostosaurus ", it has also the highest ATK of any Level 6 or lower WATER monster. 
 Curiously, it seems as though the "Evigishki" monsters are members of the "Gishki" archetype that have been transformed using their rituals into part-beast. From the artwork of "Aquamirror Illusion", the transformations aren't always voluntary.
 However, based on "Evigishki Tetrogre" and "Gishki Psychelone", both of whom involve "Gishki Noellia", it would appear that the transformations are reversible. 
 The  Nekroz  archetype originates from the "Gishki" archetype.
 Both are  WATER -based archetype specializing on Ritual Summoning. 
 The founder of the archetype, " Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz " and " Dance Princess of the Nekroz ", is originally " Gishki Avance " and " Gishki Emilia ", respectively. According to the Duel Terminal Storyline, those two are the only survivors among the "Gishki Tribe" post-war against " Sophia, Goddess of Rebirth ". 
 Both archetypes also have a mirror as their ritual objects (" Gishki Aquamirror " and " Nekroz Mirror "). 
 
 v e 
 Gishki  cards 
   
" Gishki " 「リチュア」 Members 
 Evigishki Gustkraken Evigishki Levianima Evigishki Merrowgeist Evigishki Mind Augus Evigishki Nereimanas Evigishki Soul Ogre Evigishki Tetrogre Gishki Abyss Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Beast Gishki Chain Gishki Diviner Gishki Emilia Gishki Grim Gishki Marker Gishki Mollusk Gishki Natalia Gishki Noellia Gishki Psychelone Gishki Reliever Gishki Shadow Gishki Vanity Gishki Vision Gishki Zielgigas 
 Forbidden Arts of the Gishki Gishki Aquamirror Gishki Icemirror Gishki Photomirror Ritual Buster Ritual Weapon Spiritual Forest 
 Support 
 Evigishki Gustkraken Evigishki Levianima Evigishki Mind Augus Evigishki Nereimanas Evigishki Soul Ogre Evigishki Tetrogre Gishki Abyss Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Beast Gishki Emilia Gishki Grim Gishki Marker Gishki Natalia Gishki Noellia Gishki Psychelone Gishki Reliever Gishki Shadow Gishki Vanity Gishki Vision Gishki Zielgigas 
 Aquamirror Focalization Aquamirror Illusion Aquamirror Meditation Forbidden Arts of the Gishki Gishki Aquamirror Gishki Icemirror Gishki Photomirror 
 Related 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz El Shaddoll Apkallone Evilswarm Ketos Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Judge of the Ice Barrier Lavalval Chain Musto, Oracle of Gusto Naelshaddoll Ariel Revealer of the Ice Barrier Speaker for the Ice Barriers Steelswarm Hercules Vylon Tetra Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz 
 After the Storm Aquamirror Cycle Contact with the Aquamirror Creeping Darkness Nekroz Mirror Poisonous Winds Spell Wall 
 
   
 Evigishki  イビリチュア Members 
 Evigishki Gustkraken Evigishki Levianima Evigishki Merrowgeist Evigishki Mind Augus Evigishki Nereimanas Evigishki Soul Ogre Evigishki Tetrogre Gishki Psychelone Gishki Zielgigas 
 Related 
 Musto, Oracle of Gusto Steelswarm Hercules Vylon Tetra 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/AquamirrorIllusion-TF06-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20111018121932', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/24/The_Gishki_Crest.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180225135029']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Ritual Monster(s), Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s)