Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Traptrix


 
 Traptrix 
 蟲惑魔 「 こわくま 」  ( Kowakuma ) 
 
 
 
 
 Clockwise from top left: " Traptrix Dionaea ", " Traptrix Rafflesia ", " Traptrix Nepenthes ", " Traptrix Atrax " and " Traptrix Myrmeleo " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Traptrix 
 
 
 German 
 Fallenstellerin 
 
 
 Italian 
 Trappolatrice 
 
 
 Korean 
 충혹마 蟲惑魔   (Hanja)   Chunghongma   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Armadilhatrix 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Atrapadora 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Judgment of the Light Primal Origin Code of the Duelist Soul Fusion Eternity Code Lightning Overdrive 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 2014 Mega-Tin Mega Pack 2015 Mega-Tin Mega Pack 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Premium Gold: Return of the Bling Astral Pack Six Breakers of Shadow Battles of Legend: Hero's Revenge Duel Overload OTS Tournament Pack 13 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods Magnificent Mavens 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dimension of Chaos Rarity Collection 20th Anniversary Edition LINK VRAINS Pack 2 World Premiere Pack 2020 Lightning Overdrive +1 Bonus Pack Structure Deck: Forest of the Traptrix Structure Deck: Forest of the Traptrix Banquet Invitation Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Advanced Event Pack 2020 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Traptrix " ( 蟲 惑 魔   Kowakuma ) is an  archetype  of  Level / Rank  4  female   EARTH   monsters  of both  Plant  and  Insect  type that debuted in  Judgment of the Light   and are used by  Ageha Yusa  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures .
 " Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare " is not a "Traptrix" card because it does not have 「 蟲 惑 魔 」 in its Japanese name.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   Playing style 
 
 2.1   H.A.T. 
 
 
 3   Weaknesses 
 4   Recommended Cards 
 5   Official Decks 
 6   References 
 
 
 Etymology 
 With the exception of "Traptrix Sera", "Traptrix Atypus", and "Traptrix Cularia", who are Link Monsters, the  ATK  and  DEF  of each monster totals up to 2800. They have the appearance of young girls in their own artworks, but the artwork of " Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare " suggests the girls are either vicious creatures in disguise or bait to lure prey for their pets. They may be based on the concept of  aggressive mimicry , where predators or parasites use harmless appearances to lure in prey.
 The artwork of " Trap Trick " also seem to imply that the girls would lure potential victims into the various Trap Holes.
 With the exception of " Traptrix Rafflesia ", which is based on a  parasitic plant , the pets/true forms of the "Traptrix" girls are based on  carnivorous plants , insects or arachnids known for using holes to trap their prey:
 
 
 
 Traptrix 
 ATK/DEF 
 Insect/Plant 
 Hole /Traptrix Supporting Effect
 
 
 Allomerus 
 2200/600 
 Allomerus 
 You can detach 2 materials from this card; Special Summon 1 Level 4 Insect or Plant monster from your GY. If a monster(s) your opponent controls leaves the field because of your card effect, and is now in the GY or banished: You can detach 1 material from this card, then target 1 of those monsters; Special Summon it to your field.
 
 
 Arachnocampa 
 1300/1500 
 New Zealand Glowworm 
 Unaffected by the affects of "Hole" Normal Traps. Once per turn, if you control a Traptrix monster, you can Special Summon this card from your hand during the Main Phase, also you can only summon Plant or Insect monsters from your Extra Deck for the rest of the turn. The first time each Set card in you Spell & Trap Zone would be destroyed by card effect each turn, it is not destroyed.
 
 
 Atrax 
 1800/1000 
 Australian Funnel-web Spider 
 You can activate "Hole" Normal Trap Cards from your hand. The activation and effects of Normal Trap Cards activated on your side of the field cannot be negated.
 
 
 Atypus 
 1800/NA 
 Purseweb Spider 
 Unaffected by Trap effects. All Traptrix you control gain 1000 attack points while there is a Normal Trap in your graveyard. Once per turn, you can target face-up cards your opponent controls equal to the number of Plant and Insect monsters you control and negate their effects until the end of the turn. You can then banish one Normal Trap from your graveyard to destroy one of the targeted face-up cards.
 
 
 Cularia 
 1800/NA 
 Sanderson's Bladderwort 
 After activating a "Hole" Trap Card, you can Set it instead of sending it to the Graveyard. You can Special Summon one "Traptrix" monster from your Graveyard in Defense Position during your End Phase.
 
 
 Dionaea 
 1700/1100 
 Venus Flytrap 
 If Normal Summoned,  target 1 "Traptrix" monster in your GY; Special Summon that target in Defense Position. If Special Summoned, target 1 "Hole" Normal Trap Card in your Graveyard; Set that target, but banish it during the End Phase of your next turn if it is still on the field.
 
 
 Genlisea 
 1200/1600 
 Corkscrew Plant 
 You can Tribute this card; Set 2 "Hole" Normal Traps with different names, 1 from your Deck, and 1 from your GY, but banish them when they leave the field.
 
 
 Mantis 
 1500/1300 
 Pink Orchid Mantis 
 When Normal Summoned,  add 1 "Traptrix" monster from your Deck to your hand. Once per turn (Quick Effect): Target 1 Set Spell/Trap you control; return that target to the hand, then you can Set 1 Spell/Trap from your hand.
 
 
 Myrmeleo 
 1600/1200 
 Antlion 
 If Normal Summoned,  add 1 "Hole" Normal Trap Card from your Deck to your hand. If Special Summoned, Destroy 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls.
 
 
 Nepenthes 
 800/2000 
 Tropical Pitcher Plant 
 If you activate a "Hole" Normal Trap Card (except during the Damage Step), Special Summon or Add to the hand 1 Traptrix monster except Traptrix Nepenthes.
 
 
 Pinguicula 
 2500/300 
 Butterwort 
 While with materials, unaffected by Trap effects and activated effects of the same type as the materials. You can detach one material to add one Traptrix card from the Deck to your hand once per turn. If your opponents monster(s) is sent to the graveyard or banished by a card effect, you can attach one to Pinguicula as material.
 
 
 Pudica 
 900/1900 
 Underground Pitcher Plant 
 Unaffected by effects of "Hole" Normal Traps. If Normal Summoned, once per turn you can add one "Traptrix Orchard" from the Deck to your hand. If Special Summoned, once per turn you can target one opponent's Special Summoned monster and banish it. If you do, your opponent can Special Summon one of their banished monsters during the next Standby Phase.
 
 
 Rafflesia 
 300/2500 
 Rafflesia 
 "Traptrix" monsters cannot be targeted by your opponent nor be destroyed by battle or card effects. Once per turn, (Quick Effect): detach 1 Xyz Material and send 1 "Hole" Normal Trap Card that meets its activation conditions from your Deck to the GY; this effect becomes that Trap Card's effect when that card is activated.
 
 
 Sera 
 800/NA 
 Sundew 
 If a Normal Trap Card is activated: Special Summon 1 "Traptrix" monster from your Deck, with a name different from the cards you control. If your other "Traptrix" monster's effect is activated: You can Set 1 "Hole" Normal Trap directly from your Deck.
 
 
 Vesiculo 
 1400/1400 
 Waterwheel Plant 
 You can send one of your Set Traps to the GY to Special Summon this card from your hand, or if you have no cards in your Spell and Trap Zone, you can banish this card from your GY to set one "Hole" Normal Trap from your GY to your field.
 
 Playing style 
 The archetype is centered around using " Trap Hole " and " Hole " cards to activate various effects. Each "Traptrix" is immune to "Trap Hole" cards themselves, while also adding support by tutoring "Trap Holes" or each other. With these traits, a "Traptrix" deck will usually have good opening moves, since they can react quickly against virtually any monster your opponent may Summon.
 Note that "Traptrix Atrax" also extends her anti-negation protection to other Normal Traps, so the Deck can also run " Mirror Force ", " Dimensional Prison ", and even make a temporary one-sided anti-Trap lock using " Trap Stun ".
 Further useful yet indirect support exists for the archetype through the use of their types. Insect and Plant support cards may be sufficient to satisfy the deck's hunger for competitiveness. An example to this is " Gigaplant ", " Beetron " and " Lonefire Blossom ". Also the fact that they are all  EARTH  monsters are useful since " Grandsoil the Elemental Lord " or " Gigantes " can fit in to support them further.
 Due to the small number of members within the Archetype, in addition to their reliance on numerous Trap Cards, "Traptrix" is most suitable as an Anti-Meta strategy, by controlling the Field by using Traps and slowly gaining resource via either “ Traptrix Allomerus ”, “ Traptrix Sera ”, " Traptrix Myrmeleo ", " Traptrix Mantis ", and " Traptrix Nepenthes ", while at the same time grinding out your opponent's resources. "Traptrix Myrmeleo" can also be splashed in other decks, along with "Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare" and other "Trap Hole" cards for covering the Deck's weaknesses and giving a little defense boost. " Traptrix Dionaea " can revive a "Traptrix" monster upon being Normal Summoned, which sets up Xyz Summons and can trigger the effect of "Myrmeleo"; it also can set a "Hole" Normal Trap Card from the Graveyard when it is Special Summoned.
 
 H.A.T. 
 The acronym stands for " H ands - A rtifact - T raptrix". Depending on whom you inquire, it may be seen as a Meta or an anti-Meta Deck. The idea is to utilize " Fire Hand " and " Ice Hand "; " Artifact Scythe " and/or " Artifact Moralltach " alongside " Artifact Sanctum ", sometimes " Artifact Ignition ", and "Traptrix Dionaea" and/or "Traptrix Myrmeleo" alongside " Bottomless Trap Hole ", "Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare", " Time-Space Trap Hole " and/or " Void Trap Hole ". The "Hands" provide floaters and spot removal; the "Artifacts" provide disruption; and the "Traptrix" provide backrow support and the occasional Xyz Summon via "Dionaea". This deck saw a great success by placing 2nd in 2014 Yu-Gi-Oh! World Championship.
 [1] 
 
 Weaknesses 
 Due to their heavy dependence on " Hole " Trap Cards,  en masse  Spell/Trap removal will easily bump off these Decks.  Similarly " Royal Decree ", " Jinzo ", " Jinzo - Lord ", " Forced Ceasefire ", " Dark Simorgh " and similar "anti-trap" cards can severely hinder the Deck unless you control a face-up "Traptrix Atrax", who prevents the activation AND effects of your Trap Cards from being negated. Also, any Decks that running " Forbidden Lance " (or Decks that runs any "unaffected by trap" monsters such as " Troposphere ") can evade their Traps easily and still destroy their monsters, making them quite a nuisance.
 " Denko Sekka " proves to be horrendous for "Traptrix" decks, preventing almost all Trap cards the deck can utilize useless. Cards that can negate Normal Summons like " Solemn Warning " can help along with cards that can remove "Denko" easily or can negate her effects. "Atrax" can also remove her easily by just activating a "Hole" Trap card from the hand to destroy her or set her face-down with "Bottomless Trap Hole" and "Floodgate Trap Hole", respectively.
 Since most of the "Hole" cards can only be activated upon a monster's Summon, "Traptrix"-based Decks may have difficulties against decks that designed to have a large set-up quickly (this is more apparent if you go second), such as against " Karakuri ", " Dragunity " and " Six Samurai " Decks. To remedy this, mass-removal cards such as " Mirror Force ", " Storming Mirror Force ", and " Blazing Mirror Force " are highly recommended. You may also want to fit a few  Counter Trap Cards  (or even " Breakthrough Skill ") to handle a monster with anti-destruction ability, such as " Stardust Dragon " (in case you cannot have "Traptrix Atrax" quickly).
 Finally, "Traptrix" monsters have low ATK and DEF and without the proper "Hole" cards backing them up, they can easily be dispatched by well constructed  Beatdown  Decks and most  Meta   Xyz  and  Synchro Monsters .
 
 Recommended Cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Traptrix Atrax 
 Traptrix Dionaea 
 Traptrix Genlisea 
 Traptrix Mantis 
 Traptrix Myrmeleo 
 Traptrix Nepenthes 
 Traptrix Vesiculo 
 Artifact Lancea 
 Artifact Moralltach 
 Artifact Scythe 
 Aztekipede, the Worm Warrior 
 Beetron 
 Danipon 
 Doom Dozer 
 Flying "C" 
 Giant Rat 
 Gigantes 
 Gigaplant  (with " Supervise ") 
 Grandsoil the Elemental Lord 
 Koa'ki Meiru Beetle 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Parallel eXceed 
 Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician 
 Retaliating "C" 
 Silver Sentinel 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Beetle Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Naturia Beast 
 Queen of Thorns 
 Splendid Rose 
 Underground Arachnid 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Traptrix Allomerus 
 Traptrix Rafflesia 
 Abyss Dweller 
 Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer 
 Fairy King Albverdich 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number 39: Utopia Beyond 
 Number 39: Utopia Double 
 Number S39: Utopia the Lightning 
 Number 41: Bagooska the Terribly Tired Tapir 
 Number 70: Malevolent Sin 
 Number 77: The Seven Sins 
 Time Thief Redoer 
 Tornado Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Aussa the Earth Charmer, Immovable 
 Baba Barber 
 Beat Cop from the Underworld 
 Missus Radiant 
 PSY-Framelord Lambda 
 Traptrix Cularia 
 Traptrix Sera Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Black Garden 
 Called by the Grave 
 Creature Swap 
 Double or Nothing!  (if using “Utopia” package) 
 Double Summon 
 Forbidden Dress 
 Forbidden Lance 
 Pot of Desires 
 Pot of Prosperity 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Verdant Sanctuary 
 Traps 
 Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare 
 Anti-Spell Fragrance 
 Appointer of the Red Lotus 
 Artifact Sanctum 
 Back to the Front 
 Battle of the Elements 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 Break Off Trap Hole 
 Breakthrough Skill 
 Chain Hole 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device 
 Curse of the Circle 
 Deep Dark Trap Hole 
 Dimensional Barrier 
 Disappear 
 Floodgate Trap Hole 
 Giant Trap Hole 
 Gravedigger's Trap Hole 
 Imperial Order  (Traditional Format) 
 Infinite Impermanence 
 Lair Wire 
 Lost Wind 
 Magic Deflector 
 Naturia Sacred Tree 
 Needle Ceiling 
 Network Trap Hole 
 Summon Limit 
 The Phantom Knights of Shade Brigandine 
 Time-Space Trap Hole 
 Torrential Tribute 
 Trap Hole 
 Trap Trick 
 Treacherous Trap Hole 
 Treasure Map 
 Double Dust Tornado Twins 
 Void Trap Hole 
 Warning Point 
 Official Decks 
 
 "Traptrix" + "Ninja" Deck [2] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Dogoran, the Mad Flame Kaiju 
 Kumongous, the Sticky String Kaiju 
 Ninja Grandmaster Hanzo  x3 
 Senior Silver Ninja 
 Traptrix Dionaea  x3 
 Traptrix Mantis  x2 
 Traptrix Myrmeleo  x3 
 Upstart Golden Ninja  x3 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Supreme King Dragon Darkwurm  x3 
 Supreme King Gate Zero  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Daigusto Emeral 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 Evilswarm Ouroboros 
 Number 103: Ragnazero 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number S39: Utopia the Lightning 
 Traptrix Rafflesia  x3 
 Link Monsters 
 Akashic Magician 
 Borreload Dragon 
 Decode Talker 
 Missus Radiant  x2 
 Proxy Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Armor Ninjitsu Art of Alchemy 
 Ninjitsu Art Notebook 
 Reinforcement of the Army 
 Traps 
 Acid Trap Hole 
 Back to the Front  x3 
 Bottomless Trap Hole  x2 
 Double Trap Hole 
 Jar of Avarice 
 Ninjitsu Art of Super-Transformation  x2 
 Ninjitsu Art of Transformation 
 Trap Hole of Spikes 
 Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare  x2 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures  -  Ageha 's Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Parallel eXceed  x3 
 Maxx "C"  x3 
 Traptrix Atrax 
 Traptrix Dionaea  x3 
 Traptrix Mantis  x3 
 Traptrix Myrmeleo  x3 
 Traptrix Nepenthes 
 Tuner monsters 
 Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring  x2 
 Effect Veiler  x3 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit  x2 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Abyss Dweller 
 Evilswarm Exciton Knight 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number S39: Utopia Prime 
 Number S39: Utopia the Lightning 
 Number 41: Bagooska the Terribly Tired Tapir 
 Traptrix Rafflesia  x2 
 Traptrix Allomerus  x2 
 Link Monsters 
 Aussa the Earth Charmer, Immovable 
 Missus Radiant 
 Traptrix Sera  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Called by the Grave  x3 
 Monster Reborn 
 Traps 
 Back to the Front  x2 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 Break Off Trap Hole 
 Gravedigger's Trap Hole 
 Network Trap Hole 
 The Phantom Knights of Shade Brigandine  x3 
 Time-Space Trap Hole  x2 
 Trap Hole of Spikes 
 Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare 
 Void Trap Hole 
 References 
 
 ↑   http://ygorganization.com/world-championship-top-4-decklists/ 
 
 ↑   YGOrganization  Sleeve Winner Deck Recipes  
 
 
   
" Traptrix " 「 蟲 惑 魔 」 Members 
 Traptrix Allomerus Traptrix Arachnocampa Traptrix Atrax Traptrix Atypus Traptrix Cularia Traptrix Dionaea Traptrix Genlisea Traptrix Mantis Traptrix Myrmeleo Traptrix Nepenthes Traptrix Pinguicula Traptrix Pudica Traptrix Rafflesia Traptrix Sera Traptrix Vesiculo 
 Support 
 Traptrix Arachnocampa Traptrix Atypus Traptrix Cularia Traptrix Dionaea Traptrix Mantis Traptrix Nepenthes Traptrix Pinguicula Traptrix Rafflesia Traptrix Sera 
 Traptrix Allure Traptrix Orchard 
 Related 
 Trap Trick Traptrix Trap Hole Nightmare 
 
 v e 
" Traptrix " 「 蟲 惑 魔 」 m   Members 
 Traptrix Allomerus Traptrix Atrax Traptrix Dionaea Traptrix Mantis Traptrix Myrmeleo Traptrix Nepenthes Traptrix Sera 
 Support 
 Traptrix Dionaea Traptrix Mantis Traptrix Nepenthes Traptrix Sera 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/TraptrixArchetype.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151016234256']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)