Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_053


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode 053 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 吹きすさべ嵐 ブラックフェザー孤高のシルバー・ウィンド 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Fukisusabe Arashi Burakku Fezā Kokō no Shirubā Windo 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Gust Fiercely, Storm - Black Feather - Lone Silver Wind 
 
 
 English 
 A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 
 
 
 Number 
 053 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 8, 2009 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 22, 2009 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Last Train - The New Morning " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " CROSS GAME " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuji Kokai 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " 
 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 ", known as " Gust Fiercely, Winds: Black Feather, Lone Silver Wind " in the Japanese version, is the fifty-third episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. It first aired in Japan on April 8, 2009 and in the United States on December 22, 2009.
 Greiger  manages to Summon " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua " in his  Duel  against  Crow , but the latter has more tricks up his sleeve.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Crow Hogan vs. Greiger 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 
 4.1   Original Mistakes 
 4.2   Dub Mistakes 
 
 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 The  Turbo Duel  between  Crow  and  Greiger  continues inside the geoglyph with  Yusei  as the witness. Crow thinks that " Dark Flattop " is huge, but says that bigger doesn't necessarily means it's better. Greiger replies that, unfortunately, there are no monsters like that in his Deck and the effect of the " Darksea Rescues " he sent to the  Graveyard  allow him to  draw  2 cards. Next, he activates the effect of "Dark Flattop",  Special Summoning  " Flying Fortress SKY FIRE " from his Graveyard. Crow is shocked by this revelation. Yusei thinks if Crow doesn’t find a way to beat "Dark Flattop" now, "Flying Fortress SKY Fire" will be invincible. The mechanical giant returns with 3000  ATK . 
 Greiger activates the effect of "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE",  sending  the " Star Blast " in his hand to the Graveyard to to destroy " Blackwing Armor Master ". After that, he sends "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" to attack " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind ". The mechanical giant destroys the little bird and the impact of the attack makes Crow lose control of his  Duel Runner , knocking him to the ground. Yusei is worried for his friend. Crow's  Life Points  decrease to 900.
 Greiger says the match is over and that Crow couldn’t possibly continue Dueling in his condition. Yusei wants to help Crow, but his friend tells him to stay back and that the Duel isn’t over yet. Yusei and Greiger are surprised by Crow’s determination. The young man says that until he can defeat the  Dark Signers , he won’t surrender, or else, the children he took care of will never find peace. Crow manages to get his Duel Runner, the  Blackbird , started again and gets back on it. Greiger is surprised that the young man’s Duel Runner is still functioning. Crow tells the new Dark Signer that neither he or Blackbird are ready to give up. The Turbo Duel continues.
 Greiger thinks that if Crow intends on venting out his anger over losing his children, then they share the same wishes. During the ride, he remembers the days he spent in his village, in which it was poor and similar to  Satellite . Just like Crow, he learned everything thanks to  Duel Monsters  and tried to pass everything down to his siblings and the children, until the devastation that destroyed his village took away his siblings. He says that now, that dream will never come true. Greiger places a card  face-down  and end his turn. Crow feels a little pain, thinking that two or three of his ribs are busted and he feels that that his whole body is weak. But, it is no time to be complaining.
 It's Crow's turn and he draws a card. Both Duelists' SPC goes to 5. Crow remembers that "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" has the ability to destroy monsters when they are Summoned. If he Summoned a monster without a plan and takes any unwarranted damage, he won't last this time. Yusei thinks Crow was injured in that last fall. Crow decides to end his turn. Greiger draws his card ad both Duelists’ SPC go to 6. The new Dark Signer says to the young man that it appears that Crow has run out of options. Crow replies that they’ll see about that, and that he has two cards face-down on his field, one of which will wipe out all of Greiger's monsters. Greiger is intrigued by it and Crow tells him to choose carefully. Greiger thinks even if Crow is telling the truth, he still has his next move and that his victory shall not falter. While thinking about it, he’s looking at the  Effect Monster  card in his hand, " Darksea Float ". 
 He discards the card and activates his the effect of "SKY FIRE", destroying one Crow's Set cards. The card is " Fake Feather ". Crow says that Greiger has guessed wrong and that if he attacks him now, his monsters will get wiped out. Greiger refuses to listen to Crow, thinking this is all bluff and that the young man’s field is already devoid of monsters. If Crow take a direct attack, he’ll lose this Duel. He also says that Crow is doing nothing more than bluffing in desperation. The young man dares the new Dark Signer to just try him. Greiger thinks this Duel is already over and sends "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" to attack Crow directly. Crow says that was the moment he was waiting for. He activates the Trap Card, " Blackwing - Backlash ". When there are five or more " Blackwings " in his Graveyard and when he receives a direct attack, this card will destroy all monsters on his opponent’s field. Both "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" and "Dark Flattop" are destroyed. Greiger is shocked by this turn of events.
 Crow tells Greiger that his one card just made his mightiest fleet fall. Greiger concludes that the young man was telling the truth and Crow replies that he never lied in his life and that Greiger's doubt saved his skin. Greiger laughs and says it’s not as though he didn't believe him at all, and that the effect of "Darksea Float" he sent to the Graveyard allows him to draw one card. He draws a card and puts it face-down. He says that Crow followed right into his plan. He activates the Trap Card, " Contaminated Earth ", in which during the turn two or more monsters with a Level of five or higher are destroyed, it will Special Summon an " Earthbound Immortal " from his hand, Deck or Graveyard. Crow cannot believe what Greiger just said and Yusei is very worried by it. The shell-like device appears and sucks in all the souls from the site where Greiger’s village was destroyed. After that, " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua " appears with 2900  ATK . Crow is impressed by the size of the "Earthbound Immortal".
 
         " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua " over the city.     
 Yusei warns Crow to be careful. It's Crow's turn and he draws a card. Both Duelists’ SPC goes to 7. Crow remembers that the new Dark Signer has 1800 Life Points and that right now, he can't Summon a monster to stand up to the ATK of the "Earthbound Immortal". He Summons " Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain " with 500 ATK. Greiger says that a monster with 500 ATK won't do any good against "Chacu Challhua". But Crow says that the card won’t be attacking the "Earthbound Immortal", but Greiger, because this monster can attack the opponent directly. The monster attacks the new Dark Signer directly and Greiger's Life Points go to 1300. Greiger says that by doing that, Crow will be attacked by "Chacu Challhua", crushing him to bits. Crow replies that they’ll see.
 Something strange begins happening to "Chacu Challhua", which makes Greiger wonder what's going on. Crow explains that when "Fane" successfully attacks directly, it switches an  Attack Position  monster into  Defense Position  and prevents it from changing its Battle Position until next turn. "Chacu Challhua" goes into Defense Position with 1600  DEF . Crow says that no matter how powerful the monster is, it’s no big deal if it can't attack. Yusei is impressed by Crow’s move. Crow places a card face-down and ends his turn.
 It’s Greiger’s turn and he draws a card. Both Duelists' SPC goes to 8. He tells Crow that he made a big misconception and that an "Earthbound Immortal" leaves no dark corners. He activates the effect of "Chacu Challhua". During a turn it doesn't attack, it can inflict damage equal to half its DEF to the opponent. The effect nearly makes Crow lose control of his Duel Runner again and Crow's Life Points are reduced to 100. Next, Greiger Summons " Darksea Rescue " with 0 ATK and activates the  Continuous Trap Card , " Basara ". Once per turn, he can  Release  one monster on his field and destroy a monster on the field with a Level higher than that monster. In addition, the controller of the destroyed monster receives 800 points of damage. He sacrifices "Darksea Rescue" to destroy "Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain". Yusei fears that if Crow receives that damage, he will lose. Meanwhile, outside the geoglyph,  Trudge ,  Leo  and  Luna  arrive near the Geoglyph. Leo wonders what's wrong with the street, and Trudge replies that it’s almost looks as though it was hit by an air strike. He also wonders what happened there. Luna hopes that Yusei is safe.
 Crow activates the Trap Card, " Explosion Guard "; when an effect that would destroy a monster of his is activated, it will negate that effect and inflict 500 Points of damage to the opponent. Thanks to its effect, the attack has been negated and Greiger's Life Points go to 800. Greiger is shocked by Crow’s move, which made Yusei happy. It's Crow's turn and both Duelists’ SPC goes to 9. The only card in Crow’s hand is the Trap Card, " Parasite Mind ". He thinks he’s going to lose it either way, at this rate, and he’ll bet it all on this on his next draw. He hopes that the souls of the children he took care of will give him strength.
 He draws a card and the card he draws is " Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North ". Crow is pleased with his draw. He places one card face-down and summons "Blackwing -Blizzard the Far North" with 1300 ATK. He activates the white bird’s effect, in which, when this monster is successfully summoned, it can Special Summon a Level 4 or lower "Blackwing" in his Graveyard in  Defense Position . He Summons " Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame " with 1200  DEF . He then uses his three "Blackwings" to  Synchro Summon  " Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant " with 2800  ATK .
 Greiger thinks that creature may be Crow’s big  Synchro Monster , but "Chacu Challhua" has an effect that skips his opponent’s  Battle Phase  while it's in Defense Position. Crow tells him that "Silverwind the Ascendant" has an effect as well, in which on this turn, in exchange for not battling, it can destroy up to two monsters with a DEF lower than Silverwind's ATK. Greiger cannot believe what he's just heard. Crow adds that "Silverwind the Ascendant" may not be able to win via battle, but it sure can destroy Greiger's "Earthbound Immortal" via an effect.
 Crow is about to destroy "Chacu Challhua", but the image of Greiger's siblings appear on the "Earthbound Immortal", saying that it hurts and asking if someone can help them. Crow and Yusei wonder who those two children inside "Chacu Challhua" are. Greiger tells them if he's not going to attack, he’ll go on with his turn. Crow asks him if he has seen the faces on the "Earthbound Immortal", but Greiger replies that all he can see is the goal of victory. Yusei tells Greiger to take a good look at "Chacu Challhua". Greiger does so and sees not only his siblings, but all the people of his village. Terrified by this revelation, he wonders why the people of his village are inside his "Earthbound Immortal". Crow and Yusei conclude that the souls of Greiger's hometown were used for the Summoning of his "Earthbound Immortal". Greiger comes to the conclusion that the Dark Signers are responsible for destroying his village, not the  Crimson Dragon . Yusei tells Greiger to stop the Duel. 
 Greiger is about to apologize to Yusei, until he feels something inside his head. He hears a voice that tells him that he must fight, that he’s a Dark Signer brought back from the Netherworld and that he must kill all the  Signers . After that, his eyes glow purple and he cracks a wicked smile. Greiger tells them, with a possessed voice, that he's a Dark Signer and he shall eliminate this world under the darkness of the Netherworld. Briefly, he seems to try to fight against the entity that is controlling his body and begs Crow to hurry and defeat him and if he does, all the souls captured by the "Earthbound Immortal" will be freed. After that, the entity regains control and tells Crow that if he won't go on with his turn, he'll go ahead with his.
 It's the possessed Greiger's turn and he draws a card. He switches "Chacu Challhua" back into  Attack Position . Yusei tells Crow to be careful. The new Dark Signer sends his "Earthbound Immortal" to attack Crow directly. At that last moment Yusei tells Crow to not let Greiger's wishes go in vain, and, to that, Crow strategically deduces that "Earthbound Immortals" cannot be affected by his own Spell or Trap Cards and wonders if a card's effect from the player that Summoned it can. He then activates the Trap Card, "Parasite Mind", which allows him to activate a Continuous Trap Card's effect in place of the card’s controller and decides to use it on "Basara". Basara appears on Crow's field. Crow activates its effect and he releases "Silverwind the Ascendant" to destroy "Chacu Challhua". Once the giant killer whale is destroyed, falling to the bottom of the "underground ocean" that it entered, all the souls of the villagers are freed and Greiger loses the rest of his Life Points. Crow wins the Duel.
 The geoglyph disappears, and Crow is pleased with his victory. A giant boulder is about to crush Crow, but Greiger pushes Crow to get him out of harm’s way. Greiger is crushed by the giant boulder instead. Crow and Yusei try to rescue Greiger and Yusei begs Greiger not to die. Greiger asks the two if they're okay. Crow asks him why he saved him. Greiger replies that he saved the people of his village. Crow is touched by the former Dark Signer’s answer. 
 Greiger tells Crow to find the children he took care of and to raise them well. Crow promises he will do that. Greiger tells Yusei that he was right about everything, that nothing remains after revenge and begs him to defeat the Dark Signers. After that, he turns grey and crumbles into dust. The two young men are saddened by Greiger’s death and Yusei swears he will carry on Greiger’s wishes. Meanwhile, on the other side of the world, all of the people of Greiger’s village are returned home, including Greiger’s siblings.  Annie  says that they're saved, to the joy of the villagers. A shooting star appears in the sky.  Max  thinks the shooting star is almost like their big brother Greiger and that Greiger saved them. They wonder if Greiger is watching the shooting star too. Back at Satellite, Crow and Yusei rejoin Trudge, Leo, and Luna. Yusei is about to go face  Kalin . While Yusei goes to face Kalin, the same shooting star seen at Greiger’s village appears in the sky of the city.
 
 Featured Duel: Crow Hogan vs. Greiger 
 ... continued from previous episode. 
 Turn 6: Greiger  
Greiger has just managed to Dark Synchro Summon " Dark Flattop " (0/3000) in Defense Position. Greiger then draws two cards via the effect of " Darksea Rescue " as he used "Darksea Rescue" for a Synchro Summon and the Synchro Monster that used "Darksea Rescue" as a  Synchro Material Monster  was Summoned in Defense Position.  Greiger  then activates the effect of "Dark Flattop" to  Special Summon  " Flying Fortress SKY FIRE " (3000/2500) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position,  ignoring the Summoning Conditions . Greiger then activates the second effect of "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" to send " Star Blast " from his hand to the Graveyard and  destroy  " Blackwing Armor Master ". "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" then attacks and destroys " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind " (Crow 2600 → 900). Crow loses one SPC (Crow's SPC: 5 → 4).  Greiger  sets a card. 
 Turn 7: Crow 
Crow draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Crow's SPC: 4 → 5; Greiger's SPC: 4 → 5). Crow sets a card.
 Turn 8: Greiger 
Greiger draws " Darksea Float ." During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Crow's SPC: 5 → 6; Greiger's SPC: 5 → 6). Greiger then activates the second effect of "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" to send "Darksea Float" from his hand to the Graveyard and  destroy  Crow's face-down " Fake Feather ". "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" then attacks directly, but  Crow  activates his face-down " Blackwing - Backlash " to  destroy  all of Greiger's monsters. Greiger's hand is shown to contain " Damage Summon ". Greiger draws a card due to the effect of "Darksea Float". Greiger then sets a card and activates his face-down " Contaminated Earth " to Special Summon " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua " (2900/1600) in Attack Position, as 2 Level 5 or higher monsters has been destroyed on his side of the field this turn.
 Turn 9: Crow 
Crow draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Crow's SPC: 6 → 7; Greiger's SPC: 6 → 7). Crow then Normal Summons " Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain " (500/800) in Attack Position. "Fane the Steel Chain" attacks directly via its own effect (Greiger 1800 → 1300). Crow then activates the second effect of "Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain" to switch "Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua" to Defense Position and forbid Greiger from switching his Earthbound Immortal's Battle Position until the end of his (Crow's) next turn.  Crow  sets a card.
 Turn 10: Greiger 
 Greiger  draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Crow's SPC: 7 → 8; Greiger's SPC: 7 → 8). Greiger then activates the effect of "Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua" to inflict half its DEF as damage to Crow (Crow 900 → 100).  Greiger  then Normal Summons " Darksea Rescue " (0/0) in Attack Position.
 Greiger then activates his face-down " Basara ". Now by Tributing a monster once per turn, Greiger can destroy a monster Crow controls that has a higher Level than the monster Tributed and inflict 800 damage to the destroyed monster's controller. Greiger then activates the effect of "Basara" to Tribute "Darksea Rescue" and destroy "Fane the Steel Chain", but Crow activates his face-down " Explosion Guard " to negate the effect of "Basara" and inflict 500 damage to Greiger (Greiger 1300 → 800).
 Turn 11: Crow 
Crow draws "Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Crow's SPC: 8 → 9; Greiger's SPC: 8 → 9). Crow sets a card. He then Normal Summons " Blackwing - Blizzard The Far North " (1300/0) in Attack Position. Crow then activates the effect of "Blizzard the Far North" to Special Summon " Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame " (1800/1200) from his Graveyard in Defense Position. He then tunes "Fane the Steel Chain" and "Shura the Blue Flame" with "Blizzard the Far North" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant " (2800/2000) in Attack Position. 
 Greiger states that due to the effect of "Chacu Challhua", Crow can't conduct his Battle Phase so long as "Chacu Challhua" is in Defense Position. Crow explains that he can however activate the effect of "Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant", which will destroy "Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua" as the latter's DEF is lower than the ATK of "Silverwind the Ascendant".
 Before Crow can activate the effect of "Silverwind the Ascendant", he and  Yusei  see images of children trapped in the Earthbound Immortal. After Greiger sees those children, he states that those children are his brother and sister, plus the other children of his hometown. This makes him realize that the Dark Signers were really responsible for the destruction of his village and the loss of his people. Greiger tries to forfeit, but the Envoy of the Netherworld refuses to let this happen and possesses him. Because Crow took too long to activate the effect of "Silverwind the Ascendant", Greiger proceeds with his own turn.
 Turn 12: Greiger 
Greiger draws " Black Salvo ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of "Speed World" activates (Crow's SPC: 9 → 10; Greiger's SPC: 9 → 10). Greiger then switches "Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua" to Attack Position. "Chacu Challhua" attacks directly via its own effect, but  Crow  activates his face-down " Parasite Mind " to activate the effect of Greiger's "Basara" as if he were its controller, Tributing "Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant" in order to destroy "Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua" (Greiger 800 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the dub, whenever " Flying Fortress SKY FIRE " attacks or uses its effect its bullets sound more like lasers from  Science fiction  than actual bullets being fired. 
 In the dub, when  Yusei  calls out Crow's name, Crow says that if Yusei interferes he'll lose, this aspect wasn't present in the original. 
 In the dub, when Crow gets back into his Duel Runner Greiger (Bommer) says "How touching Crow but I would've stayed down if I were you", in the original, Greiger (Bommer) says that he's surprised that  Crow's Duel Runner  still worked. 
 In the dub, the scene of Greiger (Bommer) showing his cards to  Annie  and  Max  in front of a fire is removed. 
 In the dub, the flames which engulf Annie and Max are recolored purple. 
 In the original, when Crow begins his turn the says to himself that he thinks he's "busted" some of his ribs, in the dub, he just comments about having trouble breathing. 
 In the original, Crow just reminds Greiger (Bommer) he had two face-down cards, while in the dub, Crow says that 1 of his cards can destroy all of Greiger's (Bommer's) monsters. 
 In the dub, the scene of "Flying Fortress SKY FIRE" launching its missiles at Crow is cut slightly. 
 In the dub, when Crow says he couldn't have destroyed Greiger's (Bommer's) monsters without his help to which Greiger (Bommer) responds with "So this was all my own doing?", in the original, Greiger (Bommer) just comments on that Crow wasn't bluffing. 
 In the dub,  Leo  (Rua) says that they must find Yusei, in the original, he just wonders what happened to the street they were driving on. 
 In the dub, when  Luna  (Ruka) hopes Yusei is okay Leo (Rua) says that he hopes they are okay with  Trudge's  (Tetsu Ushio's) driving, Leo said nothing about Trudge's driving in the original. 
 In the dub, several scenes of Annie and Max inside "Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua" are cut. 
 In the original, when Greiger (Bommer) got "taken over" he wasn't told that it was a Signer trick that was making him see the people from his village. 
 In the original, Crow says to himself that Spells and Traps might not work on an "Earthbound Immortal" but they still work on the person who summoned it, in the dub, Crow says that while his Spells and Traps won't work but Greiger's (Bommer's) will. 
 In the original, Greiger (Bommer) didn't ask Crow to look after the children of his village. 
 In the dub, Max mentions Greiger (Bommer) liked to watch the sky at night, this aspect wasn't present in the original. 
 In the original, when Flying Fortress SKY FIRE was being summoned back by Dark Flattop, Crow exclaims "It can do that?" In the dub, he complains that he already took it out once during the duel. 
 Mistakes 
 Original Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are only present in the Japanese version:
 
 After Crow Summons " Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant ", we see the view from behind Greiger's Duel Runner and Crow can be seen to have " Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain " on his field, despite it having just been sent to the Graveyard. This was fixed on the Japanese DVD version and in the dub. 
 Dub Mistakes 
 These following mistakes are created by the dubbed version:
 
 During Crow's first turn of the episode, he says he places 1 card face-down and then ends his turn, when actually he doesn't play any cards at all. 
 When Crow activates " Explosion Guard " he says it protects him from the effect of " Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua ", when it was protecting him from the effect of " Basara ". 
 When Crow activates " Blackwing - Backlash ", the artwork was that of " Level Retuner ". 
 In one shot, "Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant" appears on the field, but hasn't been Summoned yet. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Crow Hogan Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear [Notes 1] 
 Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain 
 Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant 
 Blackwing Armor Master Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Blackwing - Backlash 
 Explosion Guard 
 Fake Feather 
 Parasite Mind 
 
 Greiger Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Darksea Float 
 Darksea Rescue 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Flying Fortress SKY FIRE 
 Tuner monsters 
 Black Salvo Extra Deck   
 Dark Synchro Monsters 
 Dark Flattop Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Star Blast 
 Traps 
 Basara 
 Contaminated Earth 
 Damage Summon 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Luminous Soldier Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Book of Eclipse 
 Earth Chant 
 United We Stand 
 Traps 
 Ray of Hope 
 Respect Play 
 Statue of the Wicked 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card is shown when Crow activates " Blackwing - Backlash ". 
 
 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   season 1 episodes 
 
 #001 " On Your Mark, Get Set, DUEL! " #002 " Creepy Crawlies " #003 " Pipe Dreams " #004 " A Blast From The Past Part 1 " #005 " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " #006 " The Facility, Part 1 " #007 " The Facility, Part 2 " #008 " Fire it Up! " #009 " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " #010 " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " #011 " The Take Back, Part 1 " #012 " The Take Back, Part 2 " #013 " A Duel to Remember " #014 " Bloom of the Black Rose " #015 " Welcome to the Fortune Cup " #016 " Battle with the Black Rose " #017 " Surprise, Surprise " #018 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 1 " #019 " Return to the Spirit World, Part 2 " #020 " Second Round Showdown, Part 1 " #021 " Second Round Showdown, Part 2 " 
 
 
 #022 " The Profiler " #023 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 1 " #024 " Duel of the Dragons, Part 2 " #025 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 1 " #026 " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " #027 " A Web of Deceit, Part 1 " #028 " A Web of Deceit, Part 2 " #029 " Good Cop, Bad Cop " #030 " Fight or Flight " #031 " The Reunion Duel " #032 " Dark Signs, Part 1 " #033 " Dark Signs, Part 2 " #034 " Dark Signs, Part 3 " #035 " Dark Signs, Part 4 " #036 " Supersensory Shakedown " #037 " Digging Deeper, Part 1 " #038 " Digging Deeper, Part 2 " #039 " Digging Deeper, Part 3 " #040 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 1 " #041 " Clash of the Dragons, Part 2 " #042 " The Signs of Time " #043 " Surely, You Jest, Part 1 " 
 
 
 #044 " Surely You Jest Part 2 " #045 " Mark of the Spider, Part 1 " #046 " Mark of the Spider, Part 2 " #047 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 1 " #048 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 2 " #049 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 3 " #050 " Mark of the Monkey, Part 4 " #051 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 1 " #052 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 2 " #053 " A Whale of a Ride, Part 3 " #054 " A Score to Settle, Part 1 " #055 " A Score to Settle, Part 2 " #056 " Destiny's Will, Part 1 " #057 " Destiny's Will, Part 2 " #058 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 1 " #059 " Shadows of Doubt, Part 2 " #060 " Truth and Consequences, Part 1 " #061 " Truth and Consequences, Part 2 " #062 " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " #063 " Signs of Doom, Part 2 " #064 " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 S2 >> 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/YGO5Ds053.2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304191816', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d0/ChacuChuallaOvertheCity.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160304093610']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes