Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Duel_Academy

This article is about the original Duel Academy. For the card, see  Duel Academy (card) . For other uses of "Duel Academy", see  Duel Academy (disambiguation) .     
 
 
 Duel Academy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Duel Academia
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Duel Academy
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 Appears in (manga)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 Appears in (video game)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Duel Academy 
 
 
 
 Appears in (episode)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 2: " Welcome to Duel Academy " 
 
 
 Duel Academy , known as  Duel Academia  in the Japanese version and sometimes referred to unofficially as  Central Academy , is a dedicated school created by  Kagemaru  and owned by  Seto Kaiba  that trains Duelists to a Pro level, so they can ideally enter the  Pro League  . It is the main setting of most of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  series. It has four main subsidiaries:  North Academy ,  South Academy ,  East Academy  and  West Academy . The school is located somewhere in southern Japan. [1] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Main branch 
 
 1.1   Dorm structure 
 1.2   Student rankings 
 1.3   Staff 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Main branch 
 Simply referred to as Duel Academy, this branch was created by  Seto Kaiba  ( Kagemaru  in the Japanese version) [2] , who also designed the rank structure of the students. The Central Academy is located on an island with a dock for boats, a volcano, beach and a lake, cliffs and waterfalls. It has the Main Academy Building where the students go to learn how to Duel, with a gym building (separated from the main building) located beyond the beach. It has five dormitories:  Slifer Red ,  Ra Yellow , two  Obelisk Blue  dorms (one for boys and one for girls) and one which is  abandoned . It is also stated in episode 53 that the new school year starts in October, and that Duel Academy has a high school division and a middle school division.
 
       A navigational map of Duel Academy. Click on a dot to go to a location's page.     
 Dorm structure 
 The four Dorm Buildings that house the Students are separated into ranks, with the low-end Duelists in the Slifer Red Dorm, the middle-ground Duelists in the Ra Yellow Dorm, and the high-ranked Duelists in the Obelisk Blue Dorm. (Blue is the only Dorm shown to be separated into two buildings -- one for male students and one for female students.)
 
 Student rankings 
 In the dub, the Dorms were separated into three groups based upon the 3 people who originally had the 3 Egyptian Gods in Seto Kaiba's  Battle City  tournament, instead of through which Egyptian God cards Kaiba thought of as the best to worst. However, instead of being separated from the people who won first to third place in his tournament, which were Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi, Marik Ishtar, and himself, respectively, it was in his perceptions of themselves. Obelisk Blue, being himself's, had the best luxuries. Ra Yellow, originally being Marik's, who was simply an obstacle for him to overcome despite having the best Egyptian God card, had better living conditions than Slifer Red, but not as good as Obelisk Blue. Slifer Red, being Yugi's, had the worst living conditions as he despised Yugi. The main characters of each dorm have a similarity to the person for whom's Egyptian God card the dorm is named, such as the main students of Ra Yellow being quite smart and cunning, like Marik. The students originally used silver  Duel Disks  until the fourth season of  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  in which each student's silver Duel Disk was replaced with a Disk that matched the color of the Dorm of that Duelist.
 
 Slifer Red  (Osiris Red) is where the low-level Duelists are housed. It was named after the Egyptian God Card " Slifer the Sky Dragon " which was originally owned by  Yugi Muto , whom Kaiba felt bitter towards because he lost to Yugi time and time again. The students of this dorm wear Red Jackets and used Red Duel Disks to match the colors of their Dorm. The main students in this dorm also tend to bear a similarity to Yugi: they are very determined and nearly always pull through. 
 Ra Yellow  is where the average-level Duelists are housed. It was named after the Egyptian God Card " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", which was originally owned by  Marik Ishtar , whom Kaiba didn't care much for. The students of this dorm wear Yellow Jackets and used Yellow Duel Disks to match the colors of their Dorm. The featured students in this dorm are smart and cunning, which was one of Marik's defining traits. 
 Obelisk Blue  is named after the Egyptian God Card " Obelisk the Tormentor ", which was originally owned by Kaiba himself and therefore chosen to house the most skilled Duelists. They wear Blue Jackets and used Blue Duel Disks to match their Dorm colors. The students here are mostly arrogant and look down on others, much like Kaiba himself. 
 Obelisk White was a temporary dorm that existed when the  Society of Light  invaded Duel Academy.  Chancellor Sheppard  allowed this dorm to become official, and the attire for those who "joined" them is similar to that of the Obelisk Blue uniform for males and females; the only difference is the alteration in colors from a royal blue and white design to a white and lavender design. 
 Staff 
 Chancellor Sheppard  - Chancellor. 
 Jean-Louis Bonaparte  - Former vice-chancellor. 
 Vellian Crowler  - Teacher. He is in charge of the male half of Obelisk Blue. 
 Lyman Banner  - Teacher. Deceased. Formerly in charge of the Slifer Red dorm. 
 Sartyr  - Teacher. He is in charge of Ra Yellow. 
 Fonda Fontaine  - The head of the female half of Obelisk Blue who is also a gym teacher and a school nurse. 
 Ms. Dorothy  - Duel Academy Card Shop worker. 
 Mr. Stein  - Teacher. Deceased 
 Sadie  - Duel Academy Card Shop worker. 
 Examiners  - They are used to duel those who want to enroll in Duel Academy. 
 Duel Academy security team - They make up the security force for Duel Academy. 
 Chairman  - Leads the Disciplinary Action Squad. 
 Kagemaru  - Former superintendent. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 20: " The Maiden in Love " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 48: " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Franchise 
 Anime 
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Manga 
 Volumes 
 Chapters 
 Movies 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VS. GX  (canceled) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Spirit Caller 
 Card Almanac 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force Evolution 
 Anime storylines 
 Seven Stars 
 Society of Light 
 Dimension World 
 Darkness 
 Plot elements 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Duel Academy 
 Shadow Riders 
 Sacred Beasts 
 Pro League 
 Society of Light 
 The Light of Destruction 
 Genex Tournament 
 Survival Duels 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 World of Darkness 
 Cyber Style 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  locations Duel Academy 
 Dormitories 
 Abandoned 
 Obelisk Blue 
 Ra Yellow 
 Slifer Red 
 School locations 
 Baseball court 
 Chancellor's office 
 Conference room 
 Duel Arena 
 Entrance 
 Gym 
 Infirmary 
 Inquiry board 
 Library 
 Lobby 
 Shop 
 Tennis courts 
 Video room 
 Island  locations 
 Camula's castle 
 Beach 
 Chicken farm 
 Cliff 
 Forest 
 Gravekeeper's ruins 
 Harbor 
 Hot spring 
 Lake 
 Lighthouse 
 Medical facility 
 Power plant 
 Reject Well 
 SAL lab 
 Spirit Gates 
 Tania's coliseum 
 Volcano 
 Warehouse 
 Waterfall 
 
 Duel Monsters Spirit World 
 Brron's fortress 
 Burgundy's village 
 Coliseum of Death 
 Exodia's cave 
 Gravekeeper's settlement 
 Kyle's village 
 Maiden of the Aqua's village 
 Neo Space 
 Sacred Beasts' cave 
 Sir Freed's sanctuary 
 The Supreme King's castle 
 The Supreme King's detention camp 
 Yubel's castle 
 Zane and Aster's mansion 
 Zure's detention camp 
 Domino City 
 Harbor 
 Kaiba Dome 
 Kaiba Land 
 KaibaCorp headquarters 
 Kame Game 
 Plaza 
 Tsutomu's house 
 Virtual World Facility 
 Other 
 Abidos' tomb 
 Adrian's desert hideout 
 Alexis and Atticus' favorite childhood place 
 American Duel College 
 Brodies' family house 
 Camula's resting cave 
 Chazz and Reginald's high school 
 Cyber Art Dojo 
 Deserted island 
 East Academy 
 Gecko Family mansion 
 Industrial Illusions headquarters 
 Jaden's place 
 Misgarth 
 North Academy 
 Pierce's birth town 
 Jinzo Art Dojo 
 Rainbow Dragon's coliseum 
 Sarina's sanctuary 
 Sartorius' fortune-telling place 
 Sartorius' recovery center 
 Senrigan Group headquarters 
 Shadow Realm (World of Darkness) 
 South Academy 
 Syrus' elementary school 
 Tom's town 
 Viper's house 
 West Academy 
 World of Darkness 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/72/Duel_Academy.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130511151631', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f5/DuelAcademyIslandMap-GX1.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/500?cb=20110713061649', '/extensions-ucp/v2/ImageMap/resources/desc-20.png']
Categories: Duel schools