Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Stall_Deck

v e 
Basic  Deck  types 
 Aggro 
 Beatdown 
 Burn 
 Mill 
 Stall 
 One Turn Kill 
 First Turn Kill 
 Zero Turn Kill 
 Instant Win 
 
 Stall  cards are ones that prevent your opponent from damaging you OR ones which focus on  Negating  your opponent's cards.
 Decks usually include stall cards as part of a larger strategy, such as a  Burn  or a " Forbidden One " Deck. They are also used to buy time for a player if their opponent gains an advantage over them.  This is different than a player stalling for time by taking too long to lay down cards or declare actions. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Playing style 
 2   The traditional stall 
 
 2.1   Monsters 
 2.2   Spells 
 2.3   Traps 
 
 
 3   Anti-effect final stall 
 
 3.1   Ways of stalling 
 
 
 4   Wall Deck 
 
 4.1   Hand trap wall 
 
 
 5   Note 
 
 
 Playing style 
 A  Stall Deck  is designed to slow your opponent down and make it difficult to inflict damage or even to attack. Stalling is not a way to win by itself; it is usually used as a means to an end. Although it is most commonly used in the " Forbidden One " Deck, it is also considered the only way to successfully play a  Burn Deck . However, there are plenty of decks that can benefit from this strategy. 
 Usually, someone doesn't walk into building a deck and say "I want to build a stall Deck." They start with the question "I want to play X deck, how can I support it?" But that is not always the case. Considering that most decks will use Level 4 or higher monsters, one could start the deck with  Gravity Bind  and  Level Limit - Area B , then throw in  Swords  and  Wall of Revealing Light , and then use only Level 3 or lower monsters to attack, e.g.  Drill Barnacle ,  Gyaku-Gire Panda ,  Mataza the Zapper  etc. and combine them with powerful Equip Cards, e.g.  United We Stand ,  Mage Power ,  Metalmorph ,  Kunai with Chain  etc.  What style/method of stall you wish you use will depend on what kind of Deck you wish to play:
 
 The traditional stall 
 When someone asks if you are playing a  Stall  Deck, then chances are you are using this method. A stall deck is used to either have the opponent lose via card effects such as  Final Countdown  and  Exxod, Master of The Guard , or simply run out of cards. Over time, Konami has released dozens of great cards to protect yourself from both attacks and damage. These cards range from stopping attacks for a single turn, to locking your opponent down as long as they are on the field. The only downside to this method is that—as a player—you must commit a lot to the field in order to stay safe.
 With this, comes a whole new problem: keeping it there. Unlike simply running an engine in your Deck (which is just a handful of cards) when you run a  Stall  deck, half to two thirds of your deck is devoted to your protection. This means that you have to play cards to protect yourself, and then cards to protect your protection. This tends to cause the consistency of your Deck to decrease. 
 Because there are so many generic stall cards to choose from, listed below are what most players consider the core "Staples" in any stall deck. There are numerous stall cards that have closely related effects (such as " Marshmallon " and " Spirit Reaper "), so just because one of them isn't listed here, doesn't mean it's not an effective stall card—it simply means it's not considered a staple. Sometimes more obscure stall cards such as " Gellenduo " work better because of the kind of deck you have decided to play. 
 
 Monsters 
 Exxod, Master of The Guard 
 Guardian Sphinx 
 Hieracosphinx 
 Criosphinx 
 Swarm of Scarabs / Swarm of Locusts 
 Raging Flame Sprite / Drill Barnacle 
 Marshmallon 
 Spirit Reaper 
 Castle Gate 
 Medusa Worm 
 Parasite Paracide 
 Battle Fader 
 Number 41: Bagooska the Terribly Tired Tapir 
 Spells 
 Final Countdown  (with stall cards) 
 Level Limit - Area B 
 Messenger of Peace 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Wave-Motion Cannon  (with stall cards) 
 The Dark Door 
 Continuous Destruction Punch 
 Vengeful Bog Spirit 
 Ground Collapse 
 Mask of Dispel 
 Red Medicine 
 One Day of Peace 
 Marshmallon Glasses 
 Burden of the Mighty 
 Mystic Mine 
 Traps 
 Gravity Bind 
 Negate Attack 
 Waboku 
 Mirror Force  ( and its variants ) 
 Begone, Knave! 
 Bottomless Shifting Sand 
 Metal Reflect Slime 
 Wall of Revealing Light 
 Dark Bribe 
 Divine Wrath 
 Seven Tools of the Bandit 
 United Front 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Draining Shield 
 Scrap-Iron Scarecrow 
 Grave of the Super Ancient Organism 
 Fiendish Chain 
 Judgment of Anubis 
 Anti-Spell Fragrance 
 Vanity's Emptiness 
 Trap Hole  ( and its variant ) 
 Anti-effect final stall 
 This kind of Deck is based on locking down your opponent while finishing the Duel via " Final Countdown ". The main strategy of this Deck is keeping your foe from attacking, as well as using negation effects against the opponent. Many of those cards involve:  Marshmallon ,  Spirit Reaper ,  Gellenduo ,  Decoyroid  plus  Heart of Clear Water , as well as  Ground Collapse  times three. A  Skill Drain  might also help by negating Effect Monsters (beware  not  to use Monster Effects along with that).
 The combo  King Dragun  and  Metalsilver Armor  blocks targeting effects your opponent uses, hence you'll be safe against most effects. 
 An effective stalling combo would be  Temple of the Kings  and  Scrap-Iron Scarecrow , that keeps your opponent from attacking. Combined with negation effects such as  Skill Drain  or  Jinzo  plus  Amplifier  in order to negate most effects upon using this Stall.
 However, there is a weakness in this strategy.  Spiritualism  is able to take down the Stall as it cannot be negated and might return  Ground Collapse / Royal Decree  and thus have a free path for breaking the lock.  Angel O7  negates the effect of  Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 , thus leaving their Spells intact. The only way your opponent may get through the Stall to win is by having the 5 parts of  Exodia .
 Due to the easy handling of combining such effects, you are able to finish the Duel easily via " Final Countdown " or " Wave-Motion Cannon ".
 
 Ways of stalling 
 Spell Canceller / Imperial Order  negates all Spells 
 Jinzo / Royal Decree  negates all Traps 
 Ground Collapse / Ojama Trio / Ojama Knight  prevents use of all the opponent's Monster card Zones 
 Vanity's Fiend / Vanity's Ruler  negates Special Summons 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict  and  Mystic Mine  prevent attacks 
 Yata-Garasu  blocks the opponent's draw (Traditional only) 
 Wall Deck 
 A wall deck focuses almost exclusively on stalling. These decks usually have significantly more than 40 cards and win by forcing  your opponent to deck out simply by drawing cards during their draw phases. Unlike a mill deck, wall decks do not include cards to mill out the opponent's deck.
 
 Hand trap wall 
 A hand trap wall deck focuses mostly on hard traps, this makes it very difficult for your opponent to negate or counter them, since they don't need to be placed on the field in advance, making them highly resistant to cards like  Twin Twisters , which might be able to shut down other stall decks. This type of deck can be surprisingly effective, and can often win even against aggressive swarming  decks such as  Blue-Eyes . However, these type of wall decks are easily countered by most burn decks, as well as mill decks.
 Some cards that might be used in a hand trap wall include:
 
 Rainbow Kuriboh , which can disable opponents monsters and protect you from direct attacks. 
 Darkness Neosphere , which cannot be destroyed by battle, it also can be combined with  Mound of the Bound Creator  to create a monster that cannot be destroyed by battle or card effects, and cannot be targeted. 
 Tragoedia , which allows you to take control of opponents monsters, provides a wall, and can also be tributed for  Darkness Neosphere . 
 Swordsman of Revealing Light , which can counter direct attacks and even destroy the attacking monster. 
 Battle Fader , which can protect you from direct attacks. 
 Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended , which can protect your cards. 
 Typhoon , a trap card that can be activated from your hand to surprise your opponent. 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 D.D. Crow 
 Flying "C" 
 Maxx "C" 
 Kuribohrn 
 Honest 
 Ally of Justice Cycle Reader 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Note 
 Since both Stall Decks and  Lockdown  Decks rely heavily on blocking effects, and require elaborate tactics, there's a gradation between the two, and it may be difficult to classify a deck as one or the other.
 
 v e 
Basic  Deck  types 
 Aggro 
 Beatdown 
 Burn 
 Mill 
 Stall 
 One Turn Kill 
 First Turn Kill 
 Zero Turn Kill 
 Instant Win 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Gaming Terms