Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_211


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 211 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 新たなるステージ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Aratanaru Sutēji 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 A New Stage 
 
 
 English 
 Village of Vengeance - Part 3 
 
 
 Number 
 211 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 30, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 21, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " OVERLAP " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " EYE'S " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " 
 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yugi  & his friends have finally made it back to the Royal Palace where doors are still closed. This time, however, Yugi's mission is clear to him: he and his friends are in the world of his memories to help find the  Pharaoh 's real name. He pleads with the Pharaoh's spirit to let them help him... and it works; The Royal Palace is now open to them. Yugi,  Joey ,  Téa  and  Bobasa  enter the palace: they decide to separate for better searching efficiency.  Tristan  follows soon after, and evily snickers after passing through the doors.
 Back at  Kul Elna , the final attack of  Dark Magician / Mahad  struck down  Diabound .  Thief King Bakura  collapses down the stairs leading up to the Millenium Stone. Bakura drags himself up and inserts the  Millennium Items  he's accumulated so far: the  Millennium Puzzle , the  Millennium Scale , and the  Millennium Ring . 
 As the  Pharaoh  orders him to return the items,  Aknadin  appears, holding  Shada's   Millennium Key . At this point, Bakura starts glowing in a sinister pink light, which then separates from his body. The normal Bakura seems confused and does not understand where he is. Soon after, Bakura's body starts to disintegrate.  Yami Bakura's  voice echoes that the body was just a pawn, and the body completely disappears as  Shada  arrives.
 Meanwhile, the friends realize that conducting a search while "immaterial" is no easy task; 
 
 Yugi finds a wall that could have the Pharaoh's name written on it, but it's difficult due to his inability to read hieroglyphics. 
 Joey finds a room filled of people. He asks for help, only to remember that none of them can see or hear him. 
 Téa has found the palace library, but she's unable to make contact with the  papyrus  parchments. 
 Bobasa, however, has no problems and is stuffing himself full of food in the royal kitchens. 
 "Evil" Tristan is also actively conducting his search. Bakura is currently controlling him as he tries to find the name. 
 Back at Kul Elna, Mahad tries to retrieve his Millennium Key, but Aknadin shoves him back. Everyone else tries to snap him out of it, but Aknadin has enough and freezes them in time.  This allows him to retrieve every single one of the items, which he then proceeds to insert inside the Millennium Stone (including his  Millennium Eye , which he removes from his eye socket right then and there). While this happens, the Pharaoh wonders how this can be; Thief King Bakura was defeated, so the  Shadow Game  should be over, be he can still hear Bakura's voice. However, the word "game" persists on his mind, and he suddenly realizes the implications of it: everything is happening inside of  a game. 
 At this point,  Yami Yugi  wakes up and sees  Yami Bakura  sitting across him in front of a large table. On the table, there seems to be a playing field of the ancient land of Egypt from the Pharaoh's past. Bakura then explains that it's the biggest shadow game, and that their actions affect the past. He states that if the pharaoh doesn't win the game, Zorc will destroy everyone in the past.
 Bakura then reveals that Yami's "pawns" in the game are frozen in time thanks to Bakura's  Time-Controlling Hourglass Token . As the Game Master, Bakura has  three  of them and this one freezes time for every character in the game except for Bakura's. He then shows Yami his next token; the  Time-Reversing Hourglass Token  he used in  Episode 207 , when he reversed the "Sands of Time".
 All the characters in the "game" are frozen in time by the effect of Yami Bakura's  Time-Controlling Hourglass Token , except of course his own characters; Aknadin and Tristan, both of which he took control of. For some reason however, Bobasa is unaffected by time-freezing spell, which "evil" Tristan can't figure out.
 Back at Kul Elna, Aknadin has just summoned  Zorc . Rising from the Millennium Stone, Zorc allows Aknadin to be granted one wish. Aknadin then wishes that his son, Seto, will rule as pharaoh, as Seto is in disbelief that Aknadin is his father. Because of this, Zorc makes it so that Aknadin doubles in strength; he's been transformed into  The Great Shadow Magus . 
 Yami Bakura then reveals he has found a way to bring back Zorc without the Pharaoh's real name: by using his third token;  The Evil-Summoning Hourglass Token . When the last grain of sand falls to the bottom, Zorc shall be reborn. Meanwhile, in the Royal Palace, the possessed Tristan is walking through a room where all past Pharaohs are depicted on the walls. Each one has a tablet listing their name, but the tablet for the current Pharaoh is completely blank.
 Back at Kul Elna,  Aknadin / Great Shadow Magus  is revealing the story of his past to Priest Seto and the other Priests (still frozen in time by the effect of Yami Bakura's hourglass). He tells them of how he was the younger brother to King  Aknamkanon , and thus Seto has the necessary bloodline to inherit the throne.  Shimon  wonders why would Aknadin bring the topic out now, as only he and Aknamkanon were aware of it.
 Saying these words, Shadow Magus casts a spell to destroy the Pharaoh. However a mysterious entity shining with light enters to deflect the attack:  Hassan  (the mysterious figure the Pharaoh encountered in  Episode 208 ), protector of the Pharaohs. In reality, Yami Yugi played him into the game, using his Master Item. Hassan deflects the attack upwards, out of the board game playing field. As the spell hits the "ceiling" of the Shadow Realm, it's separated into different rays and destroys Yami Bakura's time-freezing hourglass; Yami Yugi's characters are thus freed.
 However, Yami Bakura reveals that attached to each character's  DiaDhank  is a sensor which measures their life energy. Yugi's characters are almost close to zero, while that of Shadow Magus is at maximum. In addition, Bakura's third  Hourglass Token  still stands, and once its time is up, Zorc will be summoned.
 
 Changes in the English version 
 In the Japanese version, normal Bakura's body is shown to be turning into sand as he dies. In the dub, a purple and gold glowing effect is added to his body, making it look like "the shadows are taking him" instead. 
 In the dub, as Thief King Bakura appears to die, he loses his accent during the few seconds he regains control for. 
 Featured monsters 
 The following monsters appeared in this episode. Monsters in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Thief King Bakura Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Skeleton Fiend 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Diabound 
 Duos 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/81/Yugioh211.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071229174155']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes