Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_051


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 051 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 砕かれた千年パズル 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kudakareta Sennen Pazuru 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Shattered Millennium Puzzle 
 
 
 English 
 The Mystery Duelist, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 051 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 17, 2001 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 16, 2002 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " S H U F F L E " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " The Afternoon of that Day  あの日の午後" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme  (airing on TV) Season Two theme  (on DVD)" 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Junki Takegami 
 
 
 Director 
 Masahiro Hosoda 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Johei Matsura 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Hidekazu Shimamura 
 
 
 Art director 
 Mitsuharu Miyamae 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 " 
 " The Past is Present " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 2 ", known as " The Shattered Millennium Puzzle " in the Japanese version, is the fifty-first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It first aired in Japan on April 17, 2001, and in the United States on November 16, 2002.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Major events 
 3   Featured Duel: Yugi Muto vs. "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Differences in adaptations 
 6   Errors 
 7   Featured cards 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 With  Yugi 's  Millennium Puzzle  on the line and one of the strongest and fiercest monsters in the game,  Zera the Mant  fighting on the side of  Bandit Keith  under control of an  unidentified stranger  by means of another  Millennium item , Yugi is unsure of what to do and has no monster strong enough to take on or destroy Zera, leaving him having to constantly hiding behind monsters in monsters in  defense  mode to protect his  Life Points  and attempting to lead Keith into traps to destroy Zera, which the latter keeps countering with rare  magic  and  trap  cards (which he illegally places from up his sleeves into his hand, giving him an illegal and unfair advantage in throughout the  Duel ) to cancel out the effects.  
 Yami Bakura arrives and severs the connection that bonded Keith and Marik Ishtar together, freeing Keith from the Ishtar hold. He then alters a piece he picked up so that he can ensure his control over the Millennium Puzzle. Yami Bakura thinks up the plan for his take over of all  Millennium Items . Ishtar/Keith shatters the puzzle. Yami Bakura leaves, and Bandit Keith starts a fire and leaves, too. Yugi struggles to put the puzzle back together fast. He rathers the spirit survive than himself. Joey, Tristan, and Téa arrive outside the now inflamed building. Joey and Tristan break into the burning building. Yugi who got dizzy from the heat and smoke refuses to leave without the puzzle, his hands attached to it. They then struggle to get Yugi to leave and then figure that the only way to save Yugi is to get the puzzle. They finally figure out a way and free the puzzle from the wall and the trio then arrive safely outside with the now weak, unconscious Yugi, in Tristan's arms.
 Yugi is then at the hospital and thanks everyone for their help. He know he has a journey to undertake. But who wants the puzzle now? What's next?
 
 Major events 
 Keith is under the control of  Marik Ishtar , who cheats during this Duel. 
 Whoever wins this Duel gets to keep the  Millennium Puzzle , which Keith stole earlier disguised as a fortune teller. 
 Yugi is forced to Duel without Yami Yugi. 
 The duel has no result, as Keith breaks free of Marik's control due to Yami Bakura freeing Keith's mind. Keith still had " Seiyaryu " on the field, so the pressure was still on Yugi. However, the outcome could have gone either way. 
 Featured Duel: Yugi Muto vs. "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Duel continues from the previous episode. 
 Yugi  has 1500  LP  remaining and  controls  no cards.
 Keith  has 500 LP remaining and controls " Zera the Mant " (2800/2300) in Attack Position and no Set cards.
 Turn 11: Yugi 
 Yugi  draws " Koumori Dragon " and subsequently sets it.
 Turn 12: Keith 
 Keith  draws " Seiyaryu " and subsequently Normal Summons it (2500/2300) in Attack Position. Keith's hand contains "Solemn Judgment", " Ground Attacker Bugroth ", "Curse of Fiend", and " Stop Defense ". Keith secretly uses the mechanical claw in his hand to swap "Ground Attacker Bugroth" with "Magic Jammer". He then  Sets  "Magic Jammer" and activates "Stop Defense" to switch  Yugi 's  Set   monster , "Koumori Dragon" (1700/1200) to  Attack Position . " Zera the Mant "  attacks  and  destroys  "Koumori Dragon" ( Yugi  1500 → 400).
 Turn 13: Yugi 
 Yugi  draws. He then  Sets  a  monster .
 Turn 14: Keith 
Keith draws. "Seiyaryu"  attacks  and  destroys   Yugi's   Set   monster , " Mystical Elf " (800/2000). Keith then  Sets  two cards and switches "Zera the Mant" to  Defense Position .
 Turn 15: Yugi 
 Yugi  draws "Mirror Force". He then sets one card and  Normal Summons  " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) in  Defense Position . Yugi then  activates  " Magical Hats " to create four hats and hide his "Dark Magician" in one of them.
 Turn 16: Keith 
Keith draws.  Keith  then activates his face-down " Magic Jammer " to  negate  the effect of "Magical Hats" and  destroy  it by  discarding  one card from his  hand . This removes the hats created by the effect of "Magical Hats". On  Keith 's Standby Phase, he  activates  his face-down " Curse of Fiend " to switch the  Battle Position  of every  monster  on the  field ; "Seiyaryu" is switched to  Defense Position  while "Zera the Mant" and "Dark Magician" are switched to  Attack Position . 
 "Zera the Mant"  attacks  "Dark Magician", but  Yugi   activates  his face-down " Mirror Force " to destroy all Attack Position monsters Keith controls, however  Keith  activates his face-down " Solemn Judgment " to  negate  the effect of "Mirror Force" and  destroy  it by paying half of his  Life Points  ( Keith  500 → 250). "Zera the Mant" destroys "Dark Magician" ( Yugi  400 → 100).
 Turn 17: Yugi 
 Yugi  draws a card and subsequently sets it. He then sets a  monster .
 Turn 18: Keith 
 Keith  draws. He then secretly swaps a card in his hand with " Tribute to the Doomed ". Keith then  activates  "Tribute to The Doomed" to  discard  a card from his  hand  and  destroy   Yugi 's  Set   monster , but  Yugi  activates his face-down " Living Arrow " to change the target of "Tribute to the Doomed" to "Zera the Mant", destroying the latter instead.
 The Duel, at this point, ends due to Yami Bakura's interference. 
 Epilogue 
After  Keith  breaks free of  Marik Ishtar 's control due to  Yami Bakura  setting his mind free, he shatters the  Millennium Puzzle . Yugi quickly regathers the pieces.  Yami Bakura  secretly puts a piece of his spirit into one of the  Millennium Puzzle  pieces before he leaves. When Marik tries to take back control of Keith, he swings a metal bar around in an attempt to stop Marik. This action unintentionally hits a control box to the Duel platform, setting the  warehouse  on fire. Keith flees the warehouse as Marik tries to regain control of him.  Yugi  finishes fixing the puzzle just before he collapses.  Joey  and  Tristan  quickly rescue Yugi and his puzzle before the fire envelops the entire warehouse.
 
 Trivia 
 When Tristan and Joey were trying to free the Millennium Puzzle, all they had to do was simply unclip the carabiner that connected the puzzle's chain to the bolt instead of bashing the bolt with the metal poles and prying it loose. A close up of the carbine lock makes it appear there is a combination lock on the carabiner (which might be why they simply didn't unclip it). 
 Yami Bakura places part of his soul in the puzzle; this piece helps in a small part to keep him from completely vanishing later and possesses Tristan in the final season. 
 Another time Tristan and Joey use their famous "On three? Three!" line. 
 Differences in adaptations 
 Cut from the US version is a scene where Jounouchi is trying again to pull the Puzzle free, and feels it activate in his hands. Yami Yugi appears and tells him to pull out the bolt with the pipe. Jounouchi’s pretty startled, but quickly gets the idea. 
 In the Japanese version, Keith smashed the puzzle because he thought it was where Marik’s voice was coming from; in the dub, Marik briefly regains control, making Keith smash it in order to prevent Yugi from leaving with it. 
 In the Japanese version, Marik demanded to see Yami’s identity; in the dub, Marik becomes obsessed in taking Yugi’s Millennium Puzzle because of the hidden power that lies within the Puzzle (which both Yugi and Yami are unaware of). 
 Errors 
 Keith had one card in his hand by the end of turn 14. However he had two cards in his hand when he activated "Magic Jammer". 
 In this episode, "Koumori Dragon" is still treated as having 1700 ATK. 
 In the dub, Marik claims that Yugi had fought and defeated Bandit Keith in Duelist Kingdom; however, it was actually Joey that did that. 
 In the dub, after Keith switches "Zera the Mant" to Defense Position, it is still shown in Attack Position on Yugi's screen. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yugi Muto Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Koumori Dragon 
 Mystical Elf Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Living Arrow 
 Magical Hats [Notes 1] 
 Traps 
 Mirror Force 
 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ground Attacker Bugroth [Notes 2] 
 Seiyaryu 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Zera the Mant Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Curse of Fiend 
 Stop Defense 
 Tribute to the Doomed 
 Traps 
 Magic Jammer 
 Solemn Judgment 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This was played as a  Magic Card . It is a  Trap Card  in the  TCG / OCG . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in Keith's  hand  before he illegally switches this card with " Magic Jammer ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 " #051 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 2 " #052 " The Past is Present " #053 " Steppin' Out " #054 " Obelisk the Tormentor " #055 " Stalked by the Rare Hunters " #056 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 1 " #057 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 2 " #058 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 " #059 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 2 " #060 " The Master of Magicians, Part 1 " #061 " The Master of Magicians, Part 2 " #062 " The Master of Magicians, Part 3 " #063 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 1 " #064 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 2 " #065 " Mime Control, Part 1 " #066 " Mime Control, Part 2 " #067 " Mime Control, Part 3 " #068 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 1 " #069 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 2 " #070 " Double Duel, Part 1 " #071 " Double Duel, Part 2 " #072 " Double Duel, Part 3 " #073 " Double Duel, Part 4 " #074 " The Rescue " #075 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 1 " #076 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 2 " #077 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 3 " #078 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 4 " #079 " Shadow of a Duel " #080 " Lights, Camera, Duel " #081 " Let the Finals Begin! " #082 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 1 " #083 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 2 " #084 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 3 " #085 " Rage of the Egyptian Gods " #086 " Awakening of Evil, Part 1 " #087 " Awakening of Evil, Part 2 " #088 " Awakening of Evil, Part 3 " #089 " Awakening of Evil, Part 4 " #090 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 1 " #091 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 2 " #092 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 3 " #093 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 1 " #094 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 2 " #095 " The Tomb-Keeper's Secret " #096 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 1 " #097 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/Yugioh_episode_51.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171126170501']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes