Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Arcadia_Movement

      The Arcadia Movement logo.     
 The  Arcadia Movement  (アルカディアムーブメント) was an organization of  Psychic Duelists . They opposed  Iliaster  in respect of resurrecting the  Crimson Dragon .
 Sayer  was the founder and former leader of the organization. He planned to find as many Psychic duelists as he could to use as soldiers and overthrow  Goodwin . To achieve this goal Sayer was willing to do anything, even being ruthless enough to kill or torture (as evidenced by  Toby Tredwell  and  Leo , respectively) to do this. They depended on  Akiza 's success in the  Fortune Cup  so as to let the world know of their ideals, even if that meant revealing themselves to the rest of the people. When Akiza lost, they were back to square one since no one would join them.  Lazar  described them as "a utopia for psychic duelists and fragile monsters that have been organizing actions and rallies in secret".
 Sayer also aimed to recruit  Luna  for her ability to speak to  Duel Spirits  (though it was never explained what he intended to do with her, as she wasn't a Psychic Duelist). He revealed that the Arcadia Movement's goal was to assemble an army of Duelists with unnatural powers to wage war against  Goodwin  and  New Domino City  in revenge for their discrimination. Sayer was clearly set out to use Akiza and Luna until this goal was realized. The organization also kidnapped children and tortured them to extreme measures to enhance their powers as Psychic Duelists, though a great deal of them perished as a result of their experiments, including  Toby Tredwell . 
 After losing to  Carly Carmine , it was unknown if Sayer was still alive, nor was it made known if any other members survived the attack either due to the destruction of their headquarters caused by Carly's  Earthbound Immortal , Aslla Piscu, or those who were sacrificed to summon Misty's own Nazca God as well. However, Sayer did tell the other members to leave the building prior to his duel with Carly, but whether or not they were swallowed by Earthbound Immortal, Ccarayhua, remained to be seen.
 As of  episode 60 , it turned out that Sayer had indeed survived. He traveled to  Satellite  to find Akiza once again. He found Mina and Yusei instead, and pretended to be an agent that was sent by Goodwin. Sayer tricked and trapped them in an underground cage, where he left them to drown in the flooding room. Sayer then left, and eventually found Akiza already battling against Misty. He whispered a trigger phrase in her ear, and released the Black Rose Witch inside of her to get revenge on Misty. However, in  episode 61  Misty who had learned that Sayer was the one who was responsible for killing her brother, then ordered  her Earthbound Immortal  to devour Sayer, thus killing him (In the dub, Sayer disappeared when he was taken by the "Earthbound Immortal"). However, it was revealed in the Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 10th Anniversary book that Sayer was resurrected after "Ccarayhua" was defeated by  Akiza  and was taken to the Facility by Sector Security.
 
 Non-Canon 
       The Arcadia Movement Headquarters after the 2 duels with the Earthbound Immortals.     
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia , the player was a member of the movement during beginning of the game. It was later destroyed after the awakening of the  Earthbound Immortals .
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/63/ArcadiaMovementLogo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20210921172816', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/ArcadiaMovementDestroyed-WC10.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110712140921']
Categories: Organizations