Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Hiroto_Honda_(Toei)


 
 Hiroto Honda 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Hiroto Honda 
 
 
 Japanese   
 本田 ヒロト 本田ヒロト ほんだヒロト Rōmaji: ( Honda Hiroto ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mother [1] 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 Junior custodian 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Waiter 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Burger World 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 1: " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 Japanese  
 Ryotaro Okiayu 
 
 
 
 Hiroto Honda  is the  Toei  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime  version of the character Hiroto Honda, known as  Tristan Taylor  in most English media.
 Honda's crush on  Miho  is expanded in this series. Here he is not  Katsuya Jonouchi 's crony, but a rejected candidate for class president and junior custodian.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   School arc 
 1.2   Death-T 
 1.3   Monster World 
 1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 School arc 
 Honda noticed  Jonouchi  mocking Yugi about his unsolved  Millennium Puzzle . He told Jonouchi to hold it, but Jonouchi mocked his custodian position, saying Honda wanted to become the janitor. However Honda claimed to be an honor student and started to talk about his authority, but nobody paid any attention to him. When  Miho Nosaka  came into to the room and told them how the queue at the cafeteria was too long, Honda volunteered to buy her lunch and left. He was followed by Jonouchi, who was annoyed that  Anzu Mazaki  had called him a bully. The hall monitor  Ushio  overheard them talking about bullying and asked what was going on. Honda quickly restrained Jonouchi, who was about to start an argument and said it was nothing. Afterwards he told Jonouchi how influential Ushio was. Afterwards Honda wasn't impressed when Jonouchi showed him he had stolen a piece of Yugi's puzzle, but dashed off after Jonouchi reminded him was supposed to be buying lunch. [2] 
 The next day Ushio beat-up Jonouchi and Honda, under suspicion that they were bullying Yugi. However Yugi objected and insisted that Jonouchi and Honda were his friends. Later that day, Honda accompanied Jonouchi when he recovered the piece of the puzzle, which he had thrown in the canal, Honda spotted Yugi with Ushio. They interrupted Ushio as he was beating-up Yugi. Honda said that he has once respected Ushio, but can not let him get away with this. Honda and Jonouchi tried fighting off Ushio, while Jonouchi gave Yugi the missing piece, but the two of them also got beaten-up. [2] 
 
       Honda is obsessed with custodial duties and school rules in this series.     
 When Miho is suspected of "dating for pay", along with Anzu, Honda follows them both after school to find out what is going on. He discovers both girls are working at  Burger World , even though part-time jobs are against school rules. Although Honda is strict on enforcing school rules, his crush on Miho gets the better of him. He keeps quiet about the girls and also gets a job there himself, so he support Miho's shopping desires. After hearing that a convict is in the restaurant, Honda assists in searching for him. After Anzu is taken hostage, by  Jiro , Honda is forced to lie on the floor, causing him to miss Anzu getting saved. Afterwards he and the girls quit their jobs at Burger Word, but Honda and Miho get new jobs at a noodle shop. [3] 
 Honda is invited with the rest of Yugi's friends to  Kaiba 's mansion. He accuses Jonouchi of being jealous of Kaiba, but also becomes envious of how Kaiba's wealth easily earns Miho's affection. Honda then takes up  Magic & Wizards  in the hopes of beating Kaiba. The next day at school, he defeats Jonouchi in Duel Monsters. Kaiba then enters the room and asks Yugi if he can see his grandfather's " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " card again. Honda and Jonouchi both notice Kaiba switches the card for a fake, before returning it to Yugi. They both confront Kaiba on the roof afterwards over this. However both of them get beaten-up by Kaiba's goons. [4] 
 Honda gets up early to wait in line to but a D-Shock watch for Miho. When he needs a break to use the toilet, Yugi holds his place in the queue. As Yugi purchases the last copy,  Shotaro Akaboshi  attempts to steal it from him, but Honda arrives in time to stop him. Akaboshi manages to steal the watch from Honda later, while Honda isn't paying attention. At the arcade when Miho arrives to collect the watch, Honda discovers it's missing and strips down to his underwear while searching his clothes for it. Miho then slaps him and runs off crying. Honda stays at the arcade, searching for the watch until he is asked to leave.  Dark Yugi  suspects Akaboshi and wins the watch back in a  Shadow Game . Honda is glad to see the watch returned to Miho and two days later, he offers to wait in line to buy her perfume. [5] 
 Honda is present when  Shadi  tests Yugi. Using the  Millennium Key , Shadi redecorates Honda's  soul room , brainwashing him to attack his friends. He chases Miho and Jonouchi around the school, until Jonouchi touches the Millennium Key off him, returning him to normal. [6] 
 
       Honda attempts to win Miho's affection.     
 Honda trains a  Digital Pet  in order to win the prize holiday in an upcoming tournament for Miho. He takes a couple of days off school to train the pet, describing his absence as maternal leave. He returns to school, right after  Kujirada 's pet  Devil Master  eats Anzu and Jonouchi's pets. Honda then links his pet,  Super Strawberry  to Devil Master to battle. Super Strawberry sweeps away Devil Master, defeating it. [7] 
 Afterwards Honda finds a letter from Kujiara, saying Miho has been kidnapped. Honda locates Kujirada, but finds him badly beaten and learns Kujirada had been manipulated by  Haiyama . Honda gets whipped by Haiyama, as he attempts to rescue Miho. While he's unconscious, Dark Yugi defeats Haiyama in a Digital Pet duel. [7] 
 
 
 Death-T 
 In the block falling level of Death-T he is seemingly crushed and killed helping Yugi.
 
 Monster World 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 7: " The Underhanded Digital Pet Rebellion " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 1: " The Heart of the Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 002 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 003 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 004 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 006 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! First Series - Episode 007 
 
 
 v e 
 Tristan Taylor  (Hiroto Honda) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monsters Coliseum 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei)   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Muto 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Ushio 
 Kujirada 
 Haiyama 
 Mayumi 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Imori 
 Student Council Chairman 
 Kaoruko Himekoji 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Schoolboys 
 Schoolgirls 
 Domino High School staff 
 Homeroom teacher 
 School nurse 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Tetsuo Sasaki 
 Jiro the Jorogumo 
 Chief inspector 
 Boss-like man 
 Professor-like man 
 Housewife 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Shotaro Akaboshi 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Honda's mother 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Hirutani 
 Hirutani henchmen 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Warashibe 
 Continuous Bomber 
 Kageyama sisters 
 Risa 
 B 
 C 
 Dragon 
 Shougo Aoyama 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Kaiba's bodyguards 
 Ridley Sheldon 
 Ryuichi Fuwa 
 Aileen Rao 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Daimon 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Red 
 Black 
 Blue 
 Saruwatari 
 Digital Pets 
 Joe 
 Super Strawberry 
 U2 
 Sumomo-chan 
 Devil Master 
 Haiyama's pet 
 Monster World 
 Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster 
 Other 
 TV announcer 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi 
 Foreigner 
 Ammit 
 Kekeru Goyu 
 Shizuka Jonouchi 
 Miyuki Sakurai 
 Hirata 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/44/Honda_fsa.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100404202021', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/Custodian_Honda.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090602214859', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/FSx007_Honda_x_Miho.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090602214940']
Categories: Characters, Tristan Taylor pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) characters