Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Supreme_King_(Duel_Links)


 
 Supreme King 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Matthew Charles 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 KENN 
 
 
 
 Supreme King Jaden  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of the  Supreme King , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 Previously, he was only seen in screenshots during the D.D. Castle: Assault event. He officially appears in the third  D.D. Castle: Assault   event , where he was made obtainable on August 1, 2021.
 Black Gate Keys are required to duel Supreme King Jaden at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 3.7   Fossil Dragon Resurrects! Jim 'Crocodile' Cook 
 
 3.7.1   Level 40 
 3.7.2   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 When Jaden lost his friends in an alternate dimension, his anger and sadness caused darkness to grow inside his heart - transforming him into the Supreme King. In a world where power rules everything, the Supreme King's army conquered the entire realm. He started using Evil HEROES instead of Elemental HEROES and wielded the ultimate Fusion card "Super Polymerization" to power them. Jim "Crocodile" Cook and Axel Brodie used the power of the Orichalcum to defeat the Supreme King - but at a great cost to themselves.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Supreme King Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Beast of Talwar 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Obese Marmot of Nefariousness  x3 
 Unknown Warrior of Fiend  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Necroshade 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart  x2 
 Beastking of the Swamps  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 O - Oversoul 
 Wicked-Breaking Flamberge - Baou 
 Kishido Spirit  x2 
 Traps 
 Hero Counterattack 
 Level 10 
 
 Darkness in the Heart (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Brain 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x3 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Obese Marmot of Nefariousness 
 Unknown Warrior of Fiend 
 Effect Monsters 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Tainted Wisdom 
 Level 20 
 
 The Absolute Might (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Titan of Terror  x3 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x3 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Broww, Huntsman of Dark World  x2 
 Elemental HERO Necroshade 
 Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Dark World Dealings 
 Level 30 
 
 Ruler of the World (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x2 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x2 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart  x2 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer  x2 
 Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy  x2 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge Extra Deck  (4) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Evil HERO Wild Cyclone Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Calling 
 Silent Doom 
 Level 40 
 
 The Supreme King (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Effect Monsters 
 Evil HERO Adusted Gold 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Evil HERO Sinister Necrom 
 The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion Extra Deck  (6) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Evil HERO Dark Gaia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Fusion 
 Super Polymerization 
 Supreme King's Castle 
 Vicious Claw 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Onslaught of the Supreme King Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Evil HERO Adusted Gold  x2 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer  x2 
 Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Evil HERO Sinister Necrom 
 Gigantes 
 The Earth - Hex-Sealed Fusion  x2 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Evil HERO Dark Gaia 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem  x2 
 Evil HERO Malicious Fiend  x2 Spells  (7) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Calling  x2 
 Dark Fusion 
 Super Polymerization 
 Supreme King's Castle  x2 
 Vicious Claw 
 Fossil Dragon Resurrects! Jim 'Crocodile' Cook 
 Level 40 
 
 Ruler of the World Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x2 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x2 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart  x2 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer  x2 
 Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy  x2 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Evil HERO Sinister Necrom Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Evil HERO Infernal Sniper 
 Evil HERO Inferno Wing 
 Evil HERO Malicious Fiend 
 Evil HERO Wild Cyclone Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Dark Calling 
 Dark Fusion  x2 
 Silent Doom 
 Traps 
 Evil Blast 
 Level 40 
 
 Onslaught of the Supreme King Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x2 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman  x2 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Evil HERO Adusted Gold 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer  x2 
 Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge  x2 
 Evil HERO Sinister Necrom  x2 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Evil HERO Infernal Sniper 
 Evil HERO Inferno Wing 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Fiend 
 Evil HERO Wild Cyclone Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Dark Calling 
 Dark Fusion  x2 
 Silent Doom 
 Traps 
 Evil Blast 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Supreme King reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Avian "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Supreme King Jaden)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Versago the Destroyer "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Supreme King Jaden)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Vicious Claw "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Dark Fusion "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: DARK ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Evil HERO Inferno Wing "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Versago the Destroyer "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Sinister Calling ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Vicious Claw "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Dark Fusion "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Evil HERO Wild Cyclone "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Supreme King Jaden)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Sparkman "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Evil HERO Inferno Wing "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Vicious Claw "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Dark Fusion "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Evil HERO Wild Cyclone "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Supreme King Jaden)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Evil HERO Inferno Wing "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Supreme King, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Goldd, Wu-Lord of Dark World "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Supreme King's Castle "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Annihilator Archfiend "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Evil HERO Infernal Sniper "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Goblin Elite Attack Force "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Skilled White Magician "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Skilled Dark Magician "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Skull Knight "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Tainted Wisdom "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Mirror of Oaths "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Guardian of the Labyrinth "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ancient Brain "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Kozaky "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Malicious HERO
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 "Evil HERO Malicious Edge" and 1 "Dark Fusion" to your Deck. Then, add 1 "Evil HERO Malicious Fiend" to your Extra Deck. In addition, the following effects can be used once per Duel if you control "Supreme King's Castle".
 Return 1 "Evil HERO Malicious Edge" in your hand to your Deck and add 1 Level 6 Fiend-Type monster to your hand from your Deck. If the monster is an "Evil HERO" monster, you can add it to your hand regardless of its Level. 
 Return 1 or more Fiend-Type monster(s) whose total Levels equal 7 or more to your Deck from your hand and add 1 "Evil HERO Malicious Edge" to your hand from your Deck. 
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your Deck.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Sinister Calling
 
 Can be used once per turn by discarding 1 "Evil HERO" monster from your hand. Either add 1 "Dark Fusion" or "Dark Calling" from your Deck to your hand or place 1 "Evil HERO Sinister Necrom" in your Graveyard from outside of your Deck. Only 1 card can be added to your hand and you can place "Evil HERO Sinister Necrom in your Graveyard only once. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel if you begin the Duel with a Deck that follows the conditions below.
 A total of 10 or more cards that are "Evil HERO" monsters, "Dark Fusion", or "Dark Calling" are included in the Deck. 
 No monsters other than "Evil HERO" or "Elemental HERO" monsters are included in the Deck. 
 No monsters other than Fusion Monsters are included in the Extra Deck. 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Call from the Dark
 
 Can be used if the only monster on your field is 1 "Elemental HERO" monster. Banish that monster and play 1 "Evil HERO" Fusion Monster that uses the banished monster as its Fusion Material. You cannot Summon any monsters during the turn you activate this Skill. This Skill can only be used once, and only if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than "Elemental HERO" or "Evil HERO" monsters.
 
 Event
 
 
 Dark Fusion
 
 Change 1 "Polymerization" in your hand to "Dark Fusion". This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with an Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than "Elemental HERO" or "Evil HERO" monsters. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Domination of Darkness
 
 Reveal 1 "Evil HERO" Fusion Monster in your Extra Deck. Then, place all of the Fusion Materials specifically listed on that card from outside of your Deck to your Graveyard. When using this Skill a second time in a Duel, you cannot select a Fusion Monster with the same name as for the first use. This Skill can be used once per turn. This Skill can be used when you begin a Duel with a Deck that meets the following conditions.
 Your Deck contains 5 or more "Evil HERO" monsters and contains no monsters other than "Elemental HERO" monsters or "Evil HERO" monsters. 
 Your Extra Deck contains 5 or more "Evil HERO" monsters and contains no Fusion Monsters other than "Evil HERO" monsters. 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Evil Change
 
 Return 1 "Evil HERO" monster to your Deck from your hand and add 1 "Evil HERO" monster with a different name or 1 "Dark Fusion" from your Deck to your hand. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with an Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than Fiend-Type monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Evil Reincarnation
 
 Can be used during your next turn after your monster is destroyed by battle. Return 1 monster in your Graveyard whose original Type and Attribute are EARTH and Fiend-Type to your hand. Then, return 1 card from your hand to the bottom of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Remains of the Heroes
 
 The ATK of "Evil HERO" Fusion Monsters on your field is increased by 100 for each "Elemental HERO" or "Evil HERO" monster in your Graveyard.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reversed Evil: Level 6
 
 Among monsters in your Graveyard or banished monsters, play 1 Level 6 "Evil HERO" monster that left your field after it was Fusion Summoned. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Supreme King's Followers
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Skull Knight" to your Extra Deck. In addition, the following effect can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random "Demise, King of Armageddon", "Skilled Dark Magician", "Skilled White Magician", "Chaos Sorcerer", "Guardian Baou", and "Ancient Brain".
 
 Drop
 
 
 Supreme King's Castle Revelation
 
 Can be used by revealing 1 "Polymerization" Spell Card or "Fusion" Spell Card in your hand when you have no Field Spell on your field. Play "Supreme King's Castle" from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 The Power Leads to Destiny
 
 Reveal 1 card in your hand to the opponent. Depending on the card you have revealed, you can use each of the following effects once per Duel.
 Normal Spell Card: Send 3 "Evil HERO Malicious Edge" from outside of your Deck to the Graveyard. During this Duel, you can Normal Summon/Set "Evil HERO Malicious Edge" without Tributing. 
 "Super Polymerization": Set 1 "Supreme King's Castle" to your field from outside if your Deck and add 1 "Evil HERO Malicious Bane" to your Extra Deck. 
 This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains at least 1 "Super Polymerization", at least 9 monsters, and no monsters other than "Evil HERO" or "Elemental HERO" monsters, as well as an Extra Deck that contains at least 2 Fusion Monsters and no Fusion Monsters other than "Evil HERO" monsters.
 
 
 Mission
 
 
 Ultimate Fusion!
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 1500 or below. Instead of conducting your normal draw, add "Super Polymerization" to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Allured by Darkness
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Instead of conducting your normal draw, " Allure of Darkness " is added to your hand from outside your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Beatdown
 
 Until the end of the turn, increase the ATK of all face-up Level 5 or higher monsters you control by the number of Level 5 or higher monsters you control times 300. This Skill can only be used once per Duel
 
 Drop
 
 
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Axel Brodie 
 When starting a Duel with   Axel Brodie , Supreme King announces "You ran from me once. What makes you think you won't again?"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says ''You're no hero. You're just another one of my victims.''  
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Supreme King Jaden Summons " Evil HERO Malicious Fiend ", a cut-in frame of Jaden appears, and he announces "Witness darkness itself! Evil HERO Malicious Fiend!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Evil HERO Malicious Fiend", during that Duel, a cutscene of "Evil HERO Malicious Fiend" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Malicious Fiend!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Infernal Gainer ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Evil HERO Infernal Gainer!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernal Gainer attacks! 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Infernal Gainer's effect!" followed by "By sending it to the future, my Fiend can attack twice!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernal Gainer now returns!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernal Prodigy attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Evil HERO Infernal Prodigy's effect activates from the Graveyard!" followed by "I get to draw a card." 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Malicious Edge ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Evil HERO Malicious Edge! Appear!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Malicious Edge!" followed by "Needle Burst!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Sinister Necrom ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Evil HERO Sinister Necrom!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Sinister Necrom!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I banish Sinister Necrom from my Grave to use its effect!" followed by "I can Special Summon an Evil HERO from my hand or my Deck!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Inferno Wing ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Come out, Evil HERO Inferno Wing!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Inferno Wing! Inferno Blast!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Take damage from Inferno Wing's effect! Infernal Backlash! 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Wild Cyclone ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Take flight, Evil HERO Wild Cyclone!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Wild Cyclone! Centrifugal Cyclone Slash!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Wild Cyclone damages you, your Set cards are destroyed!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Adusted Gold ", he announces "Here's Evil HERO Adusted Gold!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Adusted Gold attacks!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I discard Adusted Gold to activate its effect! I get to choose a card in my Deck and add it to my hand!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Dark Gaia ", he announces "Show yourself, Evil HERO Dark Gaia!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Gaia attacks!" followed by "Begone! Dark Catastrophe!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dark Gaia's effect activates! Your monsters in Defense Position switch to Attack Position!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Infernal Sniper ", he announces "Here's Evil HERO Infernal Sniper!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernal Sniper attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernal Sniper's effect activates!" followed by "Infernal Sting!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Lightning Golem ", he announces "Here comes Evil HERO Lightning Golem!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Lightning Golem! Infernal Lightning!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Lightning Golem's effect! Voltic Volley Assault!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Ancient Brain ", he announces "Take off your disguise, Ancient Brain!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Do it, Ancient Brain!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Chaos Sorcerer ", he announces "You will do as I say! Chaos Sorcerer!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Chaos Sorcerer! 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos Sorcerer's effect activates!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Demise, King of Armageddon ", he announces "Let your presence be known! Demise, King of Armageddon!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Demise, King of Armageddon! Annihilate 'em!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Demise, King of Armageddon's effect!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Avian ", he announces "Elemental HERO Avian!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Avian attacks! Quill Cascade!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Blazeman ", he announces "Elemental HERO Blazeman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blazeman, attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Blazeman's effect!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ", he announces "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Burstinatrix! Flare Storm! 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Clayman ", he announces "Elemental HERO Clayman!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Clayman, attack! Clay Clobberer! 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Flash ", he announces "Elemental HERO Flash!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Flash, attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Flash is destroyed, its effect activates!" followed by "I add a Spell Card to my hand!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Heat ", he announces "Elemental HERO Heat!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Heat, attack!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Ice Edge ", he announces "Elemental HERO Ice Edge!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ice Edge, attack! 
 When Jaden activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I discard a card to activate Ice Edge's effect! It can now attack you directly this turn!" 
 When Jaden activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Ice Edge attacks you directly, its effect activates! It destroys a Set card!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Lady Heat ", he announces "Elemental HERO Lady Heat!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lady Heat, burn 'em to ash!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Lady Heat's effect activates!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Ocean ", he announces "Elemental HERO Ocean!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ocean, attack! Big Wave Crush!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Ocean's effect! "I return a HERO on the field or Graveyard back to the hand!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Solid Soldier ", he announces "Elemental HERO Solid Soldier!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Solid Soldier, attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Solid Soldier's effect!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Sparkman ", he announces "Elemental HERO Sparkman!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Light 'em up, Sparkman! Static Shockwave!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Stratos ", he announces "Elemental HERO Stratos!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stratos, blow 'em away!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Stratos's effect! 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Voltic ", he announces "Elemental HERO Voltic!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Voltic, attack! Voltic Thunder!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Voltic's effect activates!" followed by "It Special Summons a banished Elemental HERO!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Wildheart ", he announces "Elemental HERO Wildheart!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Wildheart! Wild Slash!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Woodsman ", he announces "Elemental HERO Woodsman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Woodsman!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Woodsman's effect!" followed by "It lets me get Polymerization from my Deck or my Graveyard!" 
 When Supreme King Summons an  Evil Token , he announces "I Special Summon an Evil Token!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with my Evil Token!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Guardian Baou ", he announces "Guardian Baou, bend to my will!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "End 'em Guardian Baou!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Skilled Dark Magician ", he announces "Join my forces, Skilled Dark Magician!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Skilled Dark Magician!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skilled Dark Magician's effect activates!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Skilled White Magician ", he announces "Serve as my vanguard, Skilled White Magician!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Skilled White Magician!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skilled White Magician's effect activates!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Skull Knight ", he announces "Serve me, Skull Knight!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Finish 'em, Skull Knight!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Supreme King activates " A Hero Emerges ", he announces "I activate the Trap, A Hero Emerges!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Burial from a Different Dimension ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Burial from a Different Dimension!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Burst Return ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Burst Return! Elemental HEROES other than Burstinatrix return to the hand!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Cyclone Boomerang ", he announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Cyclone Boomerang!"
 When Supreme King activates the effect of that card, he announces "Cyclone Boomerang's effect activates!" followed by "All Spells and Traps are destroyed, and you take damage!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Dark Calling ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Dark Calling!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Dark Fusion ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Dark Fusion!" or "This card is perfect my Fiends! Dark Fusion!" followed by "Your effects can't target my Fusion Monster this turn!" 
 When Supreme King activates " De-Fusion ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, De-Fusion!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Draining Shield ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Draining Shield! 
 When Supreme King activates " E - Emergency Call ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, E - Emergency Call!" 
 When Supreme King activates " End of the World ", he announces "The Ritual Spell, End of the World!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Evil Blast ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Evil Blast!" followed by "Your monster gains ATK, but you'll take damage every turn!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Fake Hero ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Fake Hero!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Feather Shot ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Feather Shot!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Feather Wind ", he announces "I activate my Counter Trap, Feather Wind!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Fifth Hope ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Fifth Hope!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Flash Fusion ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Flash Fusion!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Fusion Recovery ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Fusion Recovery!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Fusion Sage ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Fusion Sage!" 
 When Supreme King activates " H - Heated Heart ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, H - Heated Heart!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Hero Blast ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Hero Blast!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Hero Counterattack ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Hero Counterattack!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Hero Heart ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Hero Heart!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Hero Mask ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Hero Mask!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Hero Signal ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Hero Signal!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Hero Spirit ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Hero Spirit!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Mirror Gate ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Mirror Gate!" 
 When Supreme King activates " O - Oversoul ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, O - Oversoul!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Supreme King activates " R - Righteous Justice ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, R - Righteous Justice!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Revoke Fusion ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Revoke Fusion!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Skyscraper ", he announces "I activate the Field Spell, Skyscraper!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Skyscraper 2 - Hero City ", he announces "The Field Spell, Skyscraper 2 - Hero City!"
 When Supreme King activates the effect of that card, he announces "I activate Skyscraper 2 - Hero City's effect!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Spark Blaster ", he announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Spark Blaster!"
 When Supreme King activates the effect of that card, he announces "I activate Spark Blaster's effect!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Super Polymerization ", he announces "You've brought this upon yourself! Learn the way of darkness!" followed by "I activate Super Polymerization!" or "The Quick-Play Spell, Super Polymerization!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Supreme King's Castle ", he announces "I activate the Field Spell, Supreme King's Castle!"
 When Supreme King activates the effect of that card, he announces "I send an Evil HERO to the Graveyard to activate my Castle!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Vicious Claw ", he announces "The Equip Spell, Vicious Claw!"
 When Supreme King activates the effect of that card, he announces ""Vicious Claw's effect activates! The equipped monster isn't destroyed, but your monster is!" followed by "Then, I Special Summon an Evil Token on your field!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Supreme King Summons " Evil HERO Malicious Bane ", he announces "Rise up, Evil HERO Malicious Bane!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Malicious Bane, attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Malicious Bane's effect!" "It destroys your monsters with equal or lower ATK!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Liquid Soldier ", he announces "Elemental HERO Liquid Soldier!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Liquid Soldier, attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Liquid Soldier's effect activates!" 
 When Supreme King Summons " Elemental HERO Prisma ", he announces "Elemental HERO Prisma!
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Prisma, attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Prisma's effect! Reflect Change!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Supreme King activates " A Hero Lives ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, A Hero Lives!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Battle Fusion ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Battle Fusion!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Burst Impact ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Burst Impact! All monsters other than Burstinatrix are destroyed! Burst Impact, blast!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Evil Mind ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Evil Mind! 
 When Supreme King activates " Hero Flash!! ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Hero Flash!!!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Hidden Armory ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Hidden Armory! I send a card in my Deck to my Grave to get an Equip Spell!" 
 When Supreme King activates " Instant Fusion ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Instant Fusion!" 
 Trivia 
 v e 
 Jaden Yuki  (Judai Yuki) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2e/SupremeKing-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20210701124811', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Profile-DULI-SupremeKing.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514214338', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/Icon-DULI-SupremeKing.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514214352', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Icon-DULI-SupremeKing2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514214402', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f8/CutIn-DULI-SupremeKing.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514214416', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Summoning-DULI-SupremeKing.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514214434', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Defeat-DULI-SupremeKing.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514214450', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Jaden Yuki pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters