Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yuya_Sakaki_(Duel_Links)


 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Michael Liscio Jr. 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kensho Ono 
 
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Yuya Sakaki , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime.
 He only appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for Summoning 1 Level (Rank) 7  Dragon - Type  monster(s) after the player reaches Stage 9 in Duel World (DM). Unlocking Yuya also unlocks Duel World (ARC-V).
 Green  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Yuya Sakaki at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Level 10 
 4.3   Level 20 
 4.4   Level 30 
 4.5   Level 40 
 4.6   Special Event 
 4.7   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 8.2.1   Monsters 
 8.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Monsters 
 9.2   Spell/Traps 
 
 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Yuya attends You Show Duel School, which isn't exactly the most popular Duel School in Paradise City. But that won't stop him from becoming a great Dueltainer like his father - Yusho Sakaki! When his dad gave him a special pendulum-shaped pendant, he never knew its powers would allow him to become the first-ever Duelist to Pendulum Summon, making him a pioneer for a whole new way of Dueling! With his Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon by his side, Yuya is ready to swing into action!
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Summon 1 Level (Rank) 7 Dragon-Type Monster(s).
 
 Gem x10
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 100 Gate Keys
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Yuya Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Genin  x3 
 Shining Friendship  x3 
 Mystical Sheep 2  x3 
 Supporter in the Shadows  x3 
 Droll Bird  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage 
 Hinotama 
 Remove Trap 
 Red Medicine 
 Blue Medicine 
 Level 10 
 
 Duel Entertainment Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Genin  x2 
 Droll Bird  x2 
 Petit Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Dragon 
 Performapal Flip Hippo 
 Performapal Hip Hippo  x3 
 Performapal Spikeagle  x3 Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Trader 
 Mimiclay  x2 
 Miraculous Rebirth 
 Monster Recovery 
 Smile World 
 Level 20 
 
 Get Ready to Swing into Action! Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Clay Breaker 
 Performapal Corn 
 Performapal Flip Hippo 
 Performapal Helpprincess  x3 
 Performapal Hip Hippo  x2 
 Performapal Life Swordsman 
 Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper  x2 
 Performapal Uni 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Cheermole 
 Performapal Extra Slinger 
 Performapal Whim Witch Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hippo Carnival 
 Illusion Balloons 
 Performapal Recasting 
 Smile World 
 Level 30 
 
 Pendulum Show Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dharma-Eye Magician 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Performapal Sword Fish 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  x2 
 Performapal Drummerilla 
 Performapal Fire Mufflerlion 
 Performapal Kaleidoscorp 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Minitaurus 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn 
 Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer 
 Performapal Swincobra 
 Stargazer Magician  x2 
 Timegazer Magician  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Action Magic - Double Banking 
 Action Magic - Full Turn 
 Super Hippo Carnival 
 Traps 
 Performapal Revival 
 Level 40 
 
 Duel For Smiles Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Doomstar Magician 
 Performapal Hip Hippo 
 Performapal Sleight Hand Magician 
 Performapal Salutiger 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Dragonpit Magician 
 Oafdragon Magician 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  x2 
 Performapal Gold Fang 
 Performapal Kaleidoscorp 
 Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer 
 Performapal Silver Claw 
 Performapal Skullcrobat Joker 
 Performapal Turn Toad 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Magical Star Illusion 
 Super Hippo Carnival 
 Wonder Balloons 
 Traps 
 Last Minute Cancel 
 Special Event 
 
 Duel With A Smile Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Advance Dragon 
 Performapal Secondonkey 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Dragonpit Magician  x2 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  x3 
 Performapal Gold Fang  x2 
 Performapal Gongato  x2 
 Performapal Silver Claw  x2 
 Performapal Trump Witch  x2 Extra Deck  (7) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  x3 
 Performapal Gatlinghoul  x2 
 Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Sky Iris  x3 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Dueltain Tag Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Friendonkey 
 Performapal Sleight Hand Magician 
 Performapal Whip Snake 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Dragonpit Magician  x2 
 Dragonpulse Magician  x2 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  x3 
 Performapal Gold Fang 
 Performapal Gongato 
 Performapal Silver Claw 
 Performapal Skullcrobat Joker  x2 
 Performapal Turn Toad Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Sky Iris  x2 
 Traps 
 Command Performance 
 Wall of Disruption 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Yuya Sakaki reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Hip Hippo "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Yuya Sakaki)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Silver Claw "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Yuya Sakaki)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Odd-Eyes Advance Dragon "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Gongato "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Swing Into Action: Pendulum Summon! ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Hip Hippo "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Silver Claw "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Odd-Eyes Advance Dragon "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Odd-Eyes Evolution (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Gongato "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Hip Hippo "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Silver Claw "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Yuya Sakaki)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Odd-Eyes Advance Dragon "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Skullcrobat Joker "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Performapal Skullcrobat Joker "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Yuya Sakaki, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Odd-Eyes Lancer Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Doomstar Magician "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Toy Magician "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Milla the Temporal Magician "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Performapal Cheermole "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Magical Blast "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Mystical Sheep 1 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Genin "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Witty Phantom "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Supporter in the Shadows "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Turning Up the Heat
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Stargazer Magician" and 1 "Timegazer Magician" to your Deck. Then, if you have two or less "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" in your Deck, add 1 "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" to your Deck. In addition, if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains no monsters other than "Performapal" monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, or "Odd-Eyes" monsters, add a Pendulum Zone to your field.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Swing Into Action: Pendulum Summon!
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add a Pendulum Zone to your field. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 12 or more Pendulum Monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Evolution
 
 Can be used once per turn by revealing 1 Pendulum Monster Card in your hand while you have no cards in your Pendulum Zones. Change 1 monster whose original name is "Odd-Eyes Dragon" to "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". In addition, add a Pendulum Zone to your field.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Dueltaining Recast
 
 Can be used if you control 3 Pendulum Monsters with different Levels. Add all monsters in your Monster Zone to your Extra Deck. Then, play "Performapal" Pendulum Monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, and "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monsters that can be Normal Summoned from your hand with a combined Level equal to the sum of the original Levels of the monsters you added to your Extra Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dueltaining Stage Change
 
 Can be used if you have 2000 or less Life Points and if you have two cards in your Pendulum Zones that are either "Performapal" Pendulum Monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, or "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monsters. Select 1 card in your Pendulum Zone and place it face-up on your Extra Deck. Then, you can place 1 Pendulum Monster in your Monster Zone whose original name is "Performapal", "Magician", or "Odd-Eyes" to your Pendulum Zone. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Extra Balloons
 
 Can be used once per turn. Select 1 "Wonder Balloons" on your field and place 1 Balloon Counter.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fusion or Advent
 
 Can be used by returning 1 "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" in your Pendulum Zone and 1 "Polymerization" or a Ritual Spell Card in your hand to your Deck. Depending on the card you have returned, you can add one of the following cards from outside your Deck to your hand. Can be used once per Duel if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains 9 or more "Performapal" monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, or "Odd-Eyes" monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 Polymerization: Odd-Eyes Fusion 
 Ritual Spell Card: Odd-Eyes Advent 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Pendulum Gazers
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add a Pendulum Zone to your field. In addition, the following effect can be used only once on turn 3 or onward if you have "Stargazer Magician" or "Timegazer Magician" in your Pendulum Zone. Add 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand. Until the end of the next turn, you cannot Summon the card added to your hand by this Skill or a card with the same name except for Pendulum Summoning, and you cannot activate their effects. Can be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains 9 or more "Performapal" monsters, "Magician" Pendulum Monsters, or "Odd-Eyes" monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 Drop
 
 
 Pendulum Shuffle
 
 Can be used if you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones and 2 or more face-up Pendulum Monsters in your Extra Deck. Place all cards in your Pendulum Zones face-up on your Extra Deck and then place in your Pendulum Zones 2 random face-up Pendulum Monsters from your Extra Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Performapal Carnival
 
 The ATK of all "Performapal" monsters on your field is increased by 100 for each "Performapal" monster on your field.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Smile World
 
 Add 1 "Smile World" to your hand from outside your Deck. If you activate this Skill, you can only activate or use the effect of "Smile" Spell/Trap cards until the end of your opponent's next turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Xiangke and Xiangsheng
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add Pendulum Zones to your field. The following effect can be used once per Duel. Add 1 "Odd-Eyes" Pendulum Monster with 2500 ATK or lower from your hand to your Extra Deck face-up, and place 1 " Xiangke Magician " and 1 " Xiangsheng Magician " to your Pendulum Zones from your hand/Deck. Then, change the Pendulum Scale of "Xiangsheng Magician" in your Pendulum Zone to 8. This Skill can only be used/applied if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 5 Level 4 and 5 Level 7 monsters and contains no monsters other than "Performapal" or "Odd-Eyes" monsters, or "Magician" Pendulum Monsters.
 
 Mission
 
 
 Destiny Draw: Monster Reborn
 
 Can be used before your normal draw if your Life Points are at 2500 or below. Your normal draw this turn will be "Monster Reborn", from your Deck. If your opponent controls a monster with 3000 ATK or more, you can use this Skill regardless of your Life Points. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 The Tie that Binds
 
 Until the end of you turn, the ATK of all face-up monsters on your field increases by the number of monsters on your field times 100. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Aster Phoenix 
 When starting a Duel with  Aster Phoenix , Yuya announces "Huh? Is that you, Aster? You seem different..."
 
 When he loses the Duel, Yuya says "He doesn't use the same card or strategies as the Aster I know." 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 When starting a Duel with  Alexis Rhodes , Yuya announces "I remember you. You're from Duel Academy."
 
 When he loses the Duel, Yuya says "I didn't recognize her strategies. It wasn't how Duel Academy teaches you to Duel." 
 Jack Atlas 
 When starting a Duel with  Jack Atlas , Yuya announces "Jack... Hey Jack! It's me! Yuya!"
 
 When he loses the Duel, Yuya says "You're just like the Jack I know! Only the King would be this strong!" 
 Crow Hogan 
 When starting a Duel with  Crow Hogan , Yuya announces "Crow! I can't believe I ran into you!"
 
 When he loses the Duel, Yuya says "Only Crow would Duel like this! Are you sure you're not him?" 
 Kite Tenjo 
 When starting a Duel with  Kite Tenjo , Yuya announces "Kite! Kite's here too!"
 
 Whether he wins or loses, Yuya says "I've never seen that  Galaxy-Eyes  before... I guess you're not him. How many Kites are there?" 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 When winning a Duel against  Zuzu Boyle , he says "Zuzu's training hard to improve her game, so I have to too!" 
 When losing a duel against her, he says "You've shown me how I can take Pendulum to the next level!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Yuya Summons " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", he chants " Cloaked in shadows and relentless in its objective! I Xyz Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuya briefly appears, and he announces "Rise up, Rank 4 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon! Mauling Mandible Charge!". 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I use Dark Rebellion's Overlay Units to activate its effect! Treason Discharge!". 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", he says " Turn up the heat! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuya briefly appears, and he announces "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Odd-Eyes, scorch everything you see! Spiral Flame Strike!" 
 I activate Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon's Pendulum effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", he chants " The power of one monster fuses with the ferocity of another! Fusion Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuya briefly appears, and he announces "Look to the skies and feast your eyes! Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon! Blazing Spiral Storm!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon's effect activates!". 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ", he chants " Dragon with raging eyes... conquer all that stand against you! Rise up with fury! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuya briefly appears, and he announces "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon! Sweeping Static Strike!". 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon's effect activates! Overload Howling!". 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon's Pendulum Effect activates!". 
 When Yuya Summons " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", he chants " With its earth-shattering power, victory's in my sights! I Fusion Summon! ". Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuya briefly appears, and he announces "Taking center stage is this spotlight stealer! Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon! Spiral Sky Shot!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Dragon ", he says " Put your hands together and welcome our main attraction! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuya's face briefly appears, and he announces "The spectacular Odd-Eyes Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Odd-Eyes Dragon! Spiral Flame!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Odd-Eyes Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Saber Dragon ", he says " This Duel's showstopper is here to light up the dark! " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuya's face briefly appears, and he announces "Odd-Eyes Saber Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Saber Dragon attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Saber Dragon's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Acrobatic Magician ", he announces "Acrobatic Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Acrobatic Magician!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Acrobatic Magician's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Acrobatic Magician's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons a " Hippo Token ", he says "I Special Summon a Hippo Token!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that Token, he says "My Hippo Token attacks!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Camelump ", he announces "Performapal Camelump!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Camelump!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Camelump's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Camelump's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Cheermole ", he announces "Let's hear it for Performapal Cheermole!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Cheermole!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Cheermole's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Coin Dragon ", he announces "Ka-ching and do your thing, Performapal Coin Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Coin Dragon! Attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Coin Dragon's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Flip Hippo ", he announces "Performapal Flip Hippo!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Hip Hippo!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Flip Hippo's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Friendonkey ", he announces "Performapal Friendonkey!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Friendonkey attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Friendonkey activates its effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Gongato ", he announces "Performapal Gongato!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Go get 'em, Gongato!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Gongato's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Performapal Gongato activates its Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Hip Hippo ", he announces "Hip hop to it, Performapal Hip Hippo!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Hip Hippo! Hippress Attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Hip Hippo's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Kaleidoscorp ", he announces "Sting your way to victory, Performapal Kaleidoscorp!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "This might sting a bit. Kaleidoscorp! Attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Kaleidoscorp, time to unleash your razzle dazzle! Kaleidolight!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn ", he announces "Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Unicorn attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Unicorn activates its effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Salutiger ", he announces "Earn your stripes, Performapal Salutiger!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "I attack with my Salutiger!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Salutiger's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Secondonkey ", he announces "Performapal Secondonkey!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Secondonkey!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Secondonkey's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Silver Claw ", he announces "Scratch your way to the win, Performapal Silver Claw!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silver Claw! Pounce!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Silver Claw's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer ", he announces "Time to H-two-go with Performapal Skeeter Skimmer!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Skeeter Skimmer attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skeeter Skimmer's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Sword Fish ", he announces "Slice and dice, Peformapal Sword Fish!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sword Fish, slash 'em!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he announces "My Sword Fish's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Trampolynx ", he announces "Bounce anyone who gets in your way, Performapal Trampolynx!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Trampolynx attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Trampolynx activates its effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Trampolynx's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Trump Girl ", he announces "Performapal Trump Girl!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Trump Girl attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Trump Girl's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Performapal Trump Girl's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Trump Witch ", he announces "Performapal Trump Witch!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Trump Witch attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Trump Witch's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Trump Witch's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Turn Toad ", he announces "Jump to it, Performapal Turn Toad!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Turn Toad, attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Use your effect, Turn Toad! May I present... the amazing Turn Toad Trickeroo!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Turn Toad's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Whip Snake ", he announces "Snap to it, Performapal Whip Snake!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Whip 'em, Whip Snake!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Whip Snake's effect! Confusion Venom!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Stargazer Magician ", he announces "Stargazer Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Stargazer Magician! Astronomy Attack!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Timegazer Magician ", he announces "Timegazer Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Timegazer Magician! Attack!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Xiangke Magician ", he announces "Xiangke Magician!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Xiangke Magician!". 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Xiangke Magician's effect!". 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Xiangke Magician's Pendulum Effect! Level Evolution!". 
 When Yuya Summons " Xiangsheng Magician ", he announces "Xiangsheng Magician".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Xiangsheng Magician, attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Xiangsheng Magician's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Xiangsheng Magician's Pendulum Effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yuya activates " Illusion Balloons ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Illusion Balloons!" 
 When Yuya activates " Last Minute Cancel ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Last Minute Cancel!" 
 When Yuya activates " Magical Star Illusion ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Magical Star Illusion!" 
 When Yuya activates " Mimiclay ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Mimiclay! Magicians use Mimiclay to make replicas of what they want!" 
 When Yuya activates " Performapal Call ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Performapal Call!" 
 When Yuya activates " Performapal Recasting ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Performapal Recasting!" 
 When Yuya activates " Performapal Revival ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Performapal Revival!" 
 When Yuya activates " Shuffle Reborn ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Shuffle Reborn!" 
 When Yuya activates " Sky Iris ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell, Sky Iris!"
 When Yuya activates the effect of this card, he says "Sky Iris's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates " Smile World ", he announces "Whether you're friend or foe, you'll grin from ear to ear! I activate the Spell Card, Smile World!" 
 When Yuya activates " Spiral Flame Strike ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Spiral Flame Strike!" 
 When Yuya activates " Wall of Disruption ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card! Wall of Disruption!" 
 When Yuya activates " Wonder Balloons ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Wonder Balloons!"
 When Yuya activates the effect of this card, he says "Wonder Balloons's effect activates! Float into the sky, Wonder Balloons!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Yuya Summons " All-Eyes Phantom Dragon ", he announces "Appear, All-Eyes Phantom Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, All-Eyes Phantom Dragon! All-Eyes Breath!" 
 When Yuya activates the first effect of that monster, he says "All-Eyes Phantom Dragon's effect! All-Eyes Creation!" 
 When Yuya activates the second effect of that monster, he says "All-Eyes Phantom Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "All-Eyes Phantom Dragon activates its Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", he chants " Don't pass out before I get to my best stuff! I Fusion Summon! " Afterwards, he announces "A Dragon so hot that it burns away every monster it faces! Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon! Searing Flame Strike!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ", he chants " Beat your wings to whip up a whirlwind of destruction! I Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, he announces "Here's Level 7 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon! Attack! Spin Storm Sky Strike!". 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Clear Wing Synchro Dragon's effect activates! Reverse Revenge!". 
 When Yuya Summons " Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon ", he chants " Dragon from a bleak, black pit! Rise and master the skies! Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! " Afterwards, he announces "Arise, Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Dark Requiem Xyz Dragon! Attack! Dark Destruction!". 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Dark Requiem uses an Overlay Unit to activate its effect! Requiem Retribution!" 
 I use Dark Requiem's Overlay Unit to activate its effect! 
 When Yuya Summons " Dragoncaller Magician ", he announces "Dragoncaller Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Dragoncaller Magician, attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Dragoncaller Magician's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Dragoncaller Magician's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Enlightenment Paladin ", he chants " With forged steel, this hero shall cast its light! I Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, he announces "Welcome to the battlefield, Enlightenment Paladin!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Enlightenment Paladin! Slice 'em up!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Enlightenment Paladin's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon ", he announces "Let's go, Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon, attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Mirage Dragon's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon ", he announces "Go! Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon, attack! Byte Knot Impact!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Persona Dragon's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon ", he announces "Here comes Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon! Fantastic Force!" 
 When Yuya activates the first effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon's effect from my hand! Overscale Pendulum!" 
 When Yuya activates the second effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon's effect activates! Fantastic Force!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Phantasma Dragon's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon ", he announces "Here's the ace of my deck! Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon! Attack! Phantom Spiral Flame!". 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon's effect activates! Atomic Force!". 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Phantom Dragon's Pendulum Effect activates!". 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon ", he chants " I join my monsters to create a Dragon that's all the rage! Emerge from the fires of calamity! " announces "Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Go! Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon! Infernal Fury Strike!". 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon's effect activates!". 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon's Pendulum Effect activates!". 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Revolution Dragon ", he chants " Three Dragons unite to form the ultimate creation! ". Afterwards, he announces "Odd-Eyes Revolution Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Odd-Eyes Revolution Dragon! Ascending Annihilation!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Revolution Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Revolution Dragon's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon ", he chants " The power of Pendulum combines with the forces of Fusion! Let's get toxic! " Afterwards. he announces "Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon! Attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon ", he chants " Spread your wings of light to reach the spire of the world! Its eyes of wisdom see the truth in everything it gazes! " Afterwards, he announces "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon! Clear a lane to rain down the pain!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon activates its Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Nirvana High Paladin ", he chants " The light of tranquility from the far reaches of time! I Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, he announces "Level 10 Nirvana High Paladin!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Nirvana High Paladin attacks! Elysium Elimination!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Nirvana High Paladin's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Nirvana High Paladin's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Lizardraw ", he announces "Flip to it, Performapal Lizardraw!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Lizardraw attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Lizardraw's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Lizardraw's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Monkeyboard ", he announces "Performapal Monkeyboard!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Monkeyboard, attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Monkeyboard's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "Perfomapal Monkeyboard's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver ", he announces "Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Odd-Eyes Dissolver! Attack!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Dissolver's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Odd-Eyes Synchron ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Performapal Odd-Eyes Synchron!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack Odd-Eyes Synchron!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Odd-Eyes Synchron's effect!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Odd-Eyes Synchron's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Performapal Partnaga ", he announces "Lend a helping hand, Performapal Partnaga!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Partnaga!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Partnaga's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates the Pendulum effect of that monster, he says "I activate Performapal Partnaga's Pendulum Effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon ", he chants " My monsters become one to open new possibilities! Fusion Summon! " Afterwards, he announces "Arise, Starving Venom Fusion Dragon!".
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Starving Venom Fusion Dragon attacks!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Starving Venom Fusion Dragon's effect activate!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Timebreaker Magician ", he announces "It's go time, Timebreaker Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Timebreaker Magician, break 'em!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "I activate Timebreaker Magician's effect!" 
 When Yuya Summons " Tuning Magician ", he announces "My Tuner Monster, Tuning Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yuya declares an attack with that monster, he says "Attack, Tuning Magician!" 
 When Yuya activates the effect of that monster, he says "Tuning Magician's effect activates!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Yuya activates " Amazing Pendulum ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Amazing Pendulum!" 
 When Yuya activates " Command Performance ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Command Performance!" 
 When Yuya activates " Draw Muscle ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Draw Muscle!" 
 When Yuya activates " Duelist Alliance ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Duelist Alliance!" 
 When Yuya activates " Dueltaining ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell, Dueltaning!" 
 When Yuya activates " Hippo Carnival ", he announces "My Quick-Play Spell, Hippo Carnival! Get hoppin', Hippos!" 
 When Yuya activates " Pendulum Storm ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Pendulum Storm!" 
 When Yuya activates " Performance Hurricane ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Performance Hurricane!" 
 When Yuya activates " Performapal Dramatic Theater ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell, Performapal Dramatic Theater!"
 When Yuya activates the effect of this card, he says "Performapal Dramatic Theater's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates " Performapal Pinch Helper ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Performapal Pinch Helper!"
 When Yuya activates the effect of this card, he says "My Continuous Trap, Performapal Pinch Helper activates!" 
 When Yuya activates " Performapal Popperup ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Performapal Popperup!" 
 When Yuya activates " Smile Action ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell, Smile Action! 
 When Yuya activates the effect of this card, he says "My Field Spell, Smile Action's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates " Smile Potion ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Smile Potion!" 
 When Yuya activates " Smile Universe ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Smile Universe!" 
 When Yuya activates " Soul Pendulum ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Soul Pendulum!"
 When Yuya activates the effect of this card, he says "Soul Pendulum's effect activates!" 
 When Yuya activates " Super Hippo Carnival ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Super Hippo Carnival! 
 Trivia 
 v e 
Yuya Sakaki pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/88/YuyaSakaki-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20210930003242', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Profile-DULI-YuyaSakaki.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514001741', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Icon-DULI-YuyaSakaki.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514001800', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/Icon-DULI-YuyaSakaki2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220514001814', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/CutIn-DULI-YuyaSakaki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220514001829', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/Summoning-DULI-YuyaSakaki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20211001032158', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/Defeat-DULI-YuyaSakaki.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20211001032223', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yuya Sakaki pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters