Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Heishin


 
 Heishin 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Heishin 
 
 
 Other names  
 Slysheen Haysheen Sygh-Varths (The Falsebound Kingdom) 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ヘイシーン 
 
 
 French name  
 Slysheen (Dark Duel Stories - First duel cut scene) ÉclaMali (Dark Duel Stories - Duel/Records) Heishin (Forbidden Memories/The Falsebound Kingdom) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories 
 
 
 Game Boy Color appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories 
 
 
 GameCube appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom 
 
 
 PlayStation appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories 
 
 
 
 Heishin —known as  Slysheen  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories  and  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses , and known as Haysheen in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom —is the High Mage of the Amenhotep Dynasty. He's portrayed as an elderly yet megalomaniacal man set on acquiring the  Millennium Items  to gain great power.
 Though he makes no appearance in anime or manga, Heishin has played a prominent role in several video games based on the Yu-Gi-Oh! series, often acting as the main antagonist in the initial stages of the game to be killed off and later replaced by a much more powerful villain. Though his role generally differs from one game to the next, his ambitions of grabbing power and glory remain the same.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Dark Duel Stories biography 
 2   Forbidden Memories biography 
 3   Falsebound Kingdom Biography 
 4   Deck 
 
 
 Dark Duel Stories biography 
       Slysheen in Dark Duel Stories     In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories , Heishin (Slysheen) is the third stage 3 opponent. He's unlocked by defeating all stage 2 opponents at least five times each. Slysheen is a foe from ancient Egypt and has plans of world domination upon defeating the player.
 Forbidden Memories biography 
 Heishin managed to steal six of the seven  Millennium Items . Using this newfound power, he invaded the palace. He attacked  Simon Muran  with the  Millennium Rod , while searching for the  Millennium Puzzle . However, Simon slipped the puzzle to  the prince , encouraging him to take it and flee from the palace. Heishin stopped the prince and defeated him in a Duel (if the prince managed to win, Heishin would repeatedly challenge him until he lost). Next, Heishin attempted to claim the Millennium Puzzle. Still, he was held back by Simon, who convinced the prince to break it, resulting in the souls of the prince and Simon being sealed inside it for thousands of years.
 During the prince's absence, Heishin and the mages gained control of the metropolis and governed the land as they wished, with no one to oppose them. However, after the prince returned and defeated the mages who guarded the Millennium Items, Heishin was betrayed by  Seto , who led the prince to him. Heishin dueled the prince and was ultimately defeated.
 However, he secretly followed Seto and the prince to the  Forbidden Ruins . As the ritual to summon  DarkNite  began, he held a dagger to Seto's throat claiming that he was aware of his betrayal from the very beginning but played along. Being a descendant of a dark clan, whose membership was necessary to perform the ritual, Seto was necessary for Heishin's goal. Threatening to kill Seto, Heishin convinced the prince to hand over the Millennium Items. With the seven totems gathered, he used them in the dark ceremony to call forth DarkNite.
 Heishin attempted to command DarkNite as per the pact. However, DarkNite claimed no allegiance to Heishin and turned him into a  card . Then, claiming the card to be one of the noisiest and ugliest cards he ever created, DarkNite said it did not deserve a place in his Deck and burned it.
 
 Falsebound Kingdom Biography 
 Haysheen appears in Kaiba's campaign as a boss and Yugi's as an enemy. Kaiba betrays Haysheen early in the latter. In Levels 9 and 7 in Kaiba's and Yugi's respective campaigns,  Scott Irvine  kills a defeated Haysheen.
 
 Deck 
 In  Forbidden Memories , Heishin's Deck contained many powerful cards, including " Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth " and " B. Skull Dragon ." The second time the prince faced him, he included " Blue-eyes White Dragon " and " Gate Guardian " in his Deck.
 " Exodia the Forbidden " can be won from Heishin the second time the player faces him.
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories  characters Ancient Egypt 
 Playable 
 Prince 
 Opponents 
 Simon Muran 
 Teana 
 Jono 
 Villager 1 
 Villager 2 
 Villager 3 
 Seto 
 Heishin 
 Mage Soldier 
 Ocean Mage 
 High Mage Secmeton 
 Forest Mage 
 High Mage Anubisius 
 Mountain Mage 
 High Mage Atenza 
 Desert Mage 
 High Mage Martis 
 Meadow Mage 
 High Mage Kepura 
 Labyrinth Mage 
 Sebek 
 Neku 
 Nitemare 
 Other 
 Card shop owner 
 Fizdis 
 Sadin 
 
 Modern World 
 Playable 
 Yugi 
 Opponents 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Bandit Keith 
 Shadi 
 Yami Bakura 
 Pegasus 
 Isis 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Other 
 Kemo 
 Joey 
 Téa 
 Bakura 
 
 Other 
 Duel Master K 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Heishin.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20080625175905', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3e/Slysheen-DDS.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130713004214']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories characters