Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Slifer_the_Sky_Dragon_(manga_character)


 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Osiris the Sky Dragon 
 
 
 Other names  
 Saint Dragon - The God of Osiris 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 オシリスの 天 空 竜 オシリスの天空竜 オシリスのてんくうりゅう Rōmaji: ( Oshirisu no Tenkūryū ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 
 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon , known as  Osiris the Sky Dragon  (オシリスの 天 空 竜   Oshirisu no Tenkūryū ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . It is one of most powerful monster spirits, the  Egyptian Gods . Its corresponding  Duel Monsters  card is " Slifer the Sky Dragon ", known as "Saint Dragon - The God of Osiris", in the Japanese version.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Ancient Egypt 
 2.2   Battle City 
 2.3   Project R.A. 
 2.4   World of Memories 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 Slifer is a large, serpentine red-skinned, black-bellied dragon with spikes running down its body. Its wings are bat-like in form, with two thumb claws. Slifer's head has two mouths; the bottom jaw of the smaller top set is part of the top jaw of the larger set. The last tooth at each cheek is larger than the others. Slifer's head is crested with four spikes protruding horizontally, and two larger ones from the back of the head curving vertically; the sapphire common to the Egyptian Gods is nestled at the front of the crest. Its tail crest is shaped in a similar manner, but with a single flattened spike at the tip rather than two spikes. Slifer has short arms with three-toed feet. 
 During  Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World , Slifer's spines are more constant, and it has hind limbs like its anime counterpart.
 
 Biography 
 Ancient Egypt 
       Slifer chasing  Diabound .     
 Slifer is one of the three  Egyptian Gods , along with  The God of the Obelisk  and  The Sun Dragon Ra . These monsters were only capable of being summoned by the pharaoh.
 When  Atem  spotted  Bakura, King of Thieves  fleeing from the palace after he had attacked  Aknadin , he chased after him on horseback [1]  and Summoned Slifer to fight Bakura's  Diabound . [2]  Atem allowed Slifer to be struck in order to protect innocent civilians from Diabound's attacks and then got Slifer to force the battle into the sky. However Diabound was able to disappear into the darkness and attack Slifer from behind. [3]  Atem pretended to surrender his  Millennium Pendant  in order to distract Thief Bakura while he had Slifer sneak up on him. However Bakura got Diabound to make a similar sneak attack on the pharaoh. [4]  After the priests arrived, Atem sacrificed Slifer, so that Seto's  Duos  could attack Diabound, but Duos wound up hitting a decoy ka instead. [5]  By defeating Slifer, Diabound gained its power, including its " Thunder Force " attack. [6] 
 
 
 Battle City 
 3000 years later,  Maximillion J. Pegasus  created cards depicting the three Egyptian Gods, for his game  Duel Monsters . However the souls of the Gods came to dwell in the cards, making them powerful weapons. On realizing this, Pegasus regarded their creation as one of his greatest mistakes. He tried to destroy the God Cards, but could not bring himself to do it, so he had the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities bury the cards in different locations in the  Valley of the Kings . The  Rare Hunters  managed to steal the " Slifer the Sky Dragon " and " The Sun Dragon Ra " cards. However the Egyptian supreme council of antiquities was able to prevent them finding " The God of the Obelisk ".  Ishizu Ishtar , from the council, later gave it to  Seto Kaiba , so that he would host the  Battle City  tournament to retrieve the other two. [7] 
 The leader of the Rare Hunters,  Marik Ishtar , entered the  Battle City  tournament with the "Slifer" and "Ra" God cards. Using  Doll  as his puppet, he Dueled  Dark Yugi  in the preliminaries and used "Slifer the Sky Dragon" in the Duel. However Dark Yugi won the Duel and received the "Slifer" card through the tournament rules.
 Dark Yugi used "Slifer the Sky Dragon" in his semi final Duel against  Dark Bakura . Summoning it and attacking Dark Bakura became Dark Yugi's only way of winning the Duel. Marik exploited this, by having Dark Bakura remove his control over  Ryo Bakura 's body. Ryo, who was injured and significantly weaker than Dark Bakura would not be able to withstand an attack from Slifer, making Dark Yugi reluctant to attack. However, Dark Bakura took back control of Ryo's body and urged him to attack, assuring him Ryo would be okay.
 During Dark Yugi and Kaiba's semi final Duel, when their cards "Slifer the Sky Dragon" and "The God of the Obelisk" destroyed each other, they were shown a vision of a past battle between Pharaoh Atem and  Priest Seto .
 Dark Yugi also used "Slifer" in his final Duel against  Dark Marik , though it was swiftly destroyed by " Egyptian God Phoenix ". Dark Yugi later revived "Slifer" to shield his "Obelisk" from one of the attacks from "Egyptian God Phoenix".
 
 Project R.A. 
 When  Yako Tenma  Dueled  Dark Yugi  for the first time, Yugi Summoned "Slifer" by sacrificing his " Magna Warriors ", though Yako remained calm and proceeded to Summon his own "God card", " The Wicked Avatar ", which was initially in the shape of a black orb before taking on "Slifer's" form. Yugi attempted to use "Slifer's" second mouth to destroy "Avatar", but the effect failed as "Avatar" was higher on the Divine  Hierachy . "Avatar" then destroyed "Slifer" with a single attack, later revealed to be due to the "Avatar's" capability to take on the highest ATK on the field plus one. 
 Although consistently mentioned alongside the other  Egyptian Gods , "Slifer" only made one more appearance, being used to offhandedly defeat  Cedar Mill  as Dark Yugi and  Gekko Tenma  raced to the top of the  Kaiba Corporation  building.
 
 World of Memories 
       Atem summons  Obelisk , Slifer and  Ra  before fusing them into  Horakhty .     
 When Dark Yugi entered the  Memory World , he relived some of his life as Pharaoh Atem, and fought the battle against Thief Bakura, in which he Summoned Slifer, again. [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] 
 After relearning his true name from his friends, Atem blocked an attack from  Zorc Necrophades  and then Summoned the three Gods from the cards in  Yugi Mutou 's Deck. He then combined them into  The Creator God of Light, Horakhty , who defeated Zorc. [8] 
 
       Atem attempting to Summon "Slifer" during his Duel with Yugi.     
 Yugi and Atem constructed separate Decks for the  Ceremonial Battle , which Atem needed to lose in order to pass on to the afterlife. Despite needing to lose, Atem gave the Duel his all. He included "Slifer" in his Deck, and discarded it at the beginning of the Duel as the cost to  Special Summon  " The Tricky ". He revived it at the climax of the Duel, preparing to counterattack Yugi's " Silent Magician ", but Yugi prevented the activation of " Monster Reborn " with " Gold Sarcophagus ", sending "Slifer" back to the  Graveyard  and allowing him to win the Duel.
 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 21: " Assault on the Palace " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 22: " Slifer vs. Diabound " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 23: " Divine Light, Divine Shadow " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 24: " Surprise Attack! Power Attack! " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 25: " To Pierce the Darkness! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 35: " The Village of Ghosts!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 88: " The Lost Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 219: " In the Name of the Pharaoh " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R  characters Yugi 's group 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Card Professors Guild 
 Yako Tenma 
 Gekko Tenma 
 Deschutes Lew 
 Tilla Mook 
 Klamath Osler 
 Kirk Dixon 
 Pete Coppermine 
 Maico Kato 
 Mendo Cino 
 Willa Mette 
 Ted Banias 
 Reiko Kitamori 
 Depre Scott 
 Richie Merced 
 Cedar Mill 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Other 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Isono 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Mr. Crocketts) 
 Saruwatari 
 Masumi Momono 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/08/Slifer_the_Sky_Dragon_-_manga_character.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141125212351', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/MW-022_Slifer_Diabound_chase.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121111202620', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/Obelisk%2C_Slifer_and_Ra_Summoned.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170813182718', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/SlifertheSkyDragon-JP-Anime-MOV3-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170314021125']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! R characters