Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Fur_Hire


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Fur Hire.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 "This could also be a pun to the phrase "for hire", since they are animals with fur and also mercenaries someone could hire. " This line pains me. It's most definitely a pun.  Goodiesohhi  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:10, May 29, 2018 (UTC)
 
 That's already mentioned on the archetype's main page. -- MasterMarik  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:41, May 29, 2018 (UTC) 
 Folgo's probably  a wolf!
-- Kurobina  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:26, June 27, 2018 (UTC)
 
 Regarding Beat's origins 
 I would like to change Beat from porcupine to rabbit for a variety of anatomical reasons, but since the page is still protected, I figured it's better to mention it here first in order to avoid another edit war. The only thing going for porcupine is the quill-like coat Beat has, but there are several reasons why it's almost certainly not a porcupine (and before anyone asks, neither a hedgehog for the same reasons): 1) porcupines don't have a cleft lip, Beat has; 2) porcupines have relatively small and not too visible, round ears, Beat has highly visible, elongated ears with a "flap" (inner-upper part) characteristic of rabbits, but not porcupines; 3) porcupines have short hind legs ending in separate toes with visible claws, Beat has long hind legs with toes covered in fur, shaping a round paw with no visible claws; 4) porcupines have a very dense set of whiskers that blends in with their fur, while rabbits have only a few strands, making it fairly visible. So there you have it.  SpecB  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:36, October 1, 2019 (UTC)
 As I tried to discuss elsewhere, Beat is highly unlikely to be a chimera, because of two main reasons. One of it was a mythological chimera, it would have to have certain attributes chimeras have (lion head, snake tail, to mention two crucial ones), and Beat very obviously doesn't have those. Secondly, if it was a chimera in a modern (albeit not scientific) sense, meaning a "combination of different animal parts", it wouldn't fit the other monsters Fur Hire, as those are either recognizable animals, or recognizable mythical creatures. But all of Beat's main characteristics are that of a rabbit, therefore even if it has some questionable details, like the horn (headgear?) and the large bushy tail (rabbits have smaller bushy tails), it's still not a question that it's *based* on rabbits. And that's what those fields are for, to mark what animals or creatures monsters Fur Hire are based on.  SpecB  ( talk  •  contribs ) 16:15, November 8, 2019 (UTC)
 
 There's also chimera in the alchemic sense, not just the classic three headed version. 
 
 
 
Categories: