Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Signers

This article is about the group of characters. For the arc, see  Dark Signers (arc) .      
 
 
 Dark Signer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 ダーク・シグナー
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Dāku Shigunā
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Dark Signer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 
 
   French : Pactisants des Ténébres 
   German : Finstere Auserwählte (Dark Chosen Ones) 
   Italian : Predestinati Oscuri (Dark Predestineds) 
 Oscuri (Tag Force 4 only)
 
   Spanish : Portadores Oscuros (Dark Carriers) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Signers 
 
 
 
 Roman Goodwin  (Leader) 
 Devack 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Misty Tredwell 
 Greiger  (Devack's replacement) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 
 
 The  Dark Signers  were a group of Duelists resurrected and in the service of the  Earthbound Immortals , who served as the evil counterparts to the  Signers  and were the primary antagonists for the  second arc  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's .
 When a person died, he or she was given a chance to live by becoming a Dark Signer at the time of their death. If they displayed a great will to live or a reason for revenge, an  Earthbound Immortal  may spare them (provided they agree willingly, whether or not they remember doing so after being brought back), turning them into the Dark Signers in the process. As the Dark Signers, those individuals were given a great power and a great lust for revenge. All of the Dark Signers, with the exception of Roman and Rex, held some form of grudge against (or connection to, in the case of  Devack  and  Carly ) a Signer, which would provide another answer to why the Earthbound Immortals chose them. Due to this phenomenon being derived from the  Netherworld  itself, there was no way to revert the transformation or revert the Dark Signers to their former selves, and they were also said to be no longer of the living world. If they turned over a new leaf in a Duel, the Earthbound Immortal would take over them and continue the match (however, Akiza noted that their control can potentially be broken if the Earthbound Immortal is destroyed without getting rid of the person's Life Points).
 Because this distinctive group of individuals have already died once, it is seen that once they have been defeated in their own Shadow Duel or Shadow Turbo Duel for that matter, their departure from this world would be completely different. Instead of simply dying like a normal human being, they instead would wither until they became dust, when they would be sent into the Netherworld.
 Dark Signers were capable of using a distinctive type of monsters, known as  Dark Synchro Monsters , which were black-lined and had grey-colored cards. Their  signature card  are the " Earthbound Immortals ", and they also utilized Field Spell cards, in order to maintain the effects of these powerful beasts in a Duel. There were only five Dark Signers at any given time, each one possessed by a different geoglyph. In the anime present altered timeline, a total of seven awakened, due to the fall of others. Devack was 'succeeded' by Greiger, and Rex was revived after his Duel with Roman.
 Dark Signers are shown to have a red or purple  Criminal mark -esque patterns on their face and black sclerae. The only exception is Kalin, whose original Criminal mark became his dark mark; even after his revival, the Criminal mark did not vanish.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   History 
 3   Abilities 
 
 3.1   Brainwashing 
 3.2   Shadow Duels 
 3.3   Dark Synchro Summoning 
 
 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Identity
 
 Dark Signer
 
 Cause of Death
 
 Mark
 
 Deck
 
 Earthbound Immortal
 
 
 Devack 
 
 
 
 Unknown
 
 Monkey
 
 Ape 
 
 Cusillu 
 
 
 Greiger 
 
 
 
 Hanging
 
 Killer Whale
 
 Reactor 
 
 Chacu Challhua 
 
 
 Kalin Kessler 
 
 
 
 Starvation
 
 Giant
 
 Infernity 
 
 Ccapac Apu 
 
 
 Roman Goodwin 
 
 
 
 Zero Reverse 
 
 Spider
 
 Spider 
 
 Uru 
 
 
 Carly Carmine 
 
 
 
 Defenestration
 
 Hummingbird
 
 Fortune Lady 
 
 Aslla piscu 
 
 
 Misty Tredwell 
 
 
 
 Car accident
 
 Lizard
 
 Reptilianne 
 
 Ccarayhua 
 
 
 Rex Goodwin 
 
 
 
 Defeat by a Dark Signer (Roman)
 
 Condor
 
 Inca 
 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 
 History 
 The  Earthbound Immortals  were evil entities that were sealed in the  Nazca Lines  by the  Crimson Dragon  and the  Five Dragons . Each one bore a  dark mark  on to five individuals who are known as the Dark Signers.
 The Dark Signers possessed an inborn drive to defeat the  Signers , whom each had a marking of the  Crimson Dragon , over the course of 5,000 years.
 The Dark Signers served as gatekeepers to the door to the Netherworld. This door resided within the first  Ener-D  Reactor, located in  Satellite . The Dark Signers plotted to open this gate to release the Earthbound Immortals. Knowing this,  Rex Goodwin  built the utopia  New Domino City  away from Satellite and restricted the access between the two cities so that only those left in the Satellite would be harmed when this time came.
 Rex's older brother,  Roman Goodwin , was placed in charge of the first  Ener-D  Reactor, developed by Doctor Fudo prior to the  Zero Reverse  Incident. The same incident which released the sealed Immortals from their 5,000 year imprisonment. Presumably killed by the accident, Roman was reawakened as a Dark Signer. 
 Kalin  became a Dark Signer after starving to death in prison but came back, fueled with revenge against his former best friend  Yusei Fudo .
 At a certain point,  Misty Tredwell  was transformed while suffering in the hospital after her car accident. After being spared, she was told by  Ccarayhua  to kill the servant of the  Crimson Dragon , " Black Rose Dragon ". Her hatred for the  Black Rose  Duelist for allegedly killing her brother, easily put Misty on this task.
 After the  Crimson Dragon  appeared during the  Fortune Cup , the Dark Signers began preaching in Satellite that the Crimson Dragon was evil and encouraged the people to stand with them for the sake of the Satellite.
 Using brainwashed victims, they began targeting the  Signers , including  Yusei Fudo  and  Jack Atlas , who were made to Duel  Dick Pitt  and  Trudge  respectively. Jack, however, Dueled with  Carly's  assistance. In both cases, the Signers emerged victorious.
 Kalin  targeted Yusei in  Satellite  and faced him in a  Shadow Turbo Duel . He Summoned his Earthbound Immortal, " Ccapac Apu ", which absorbed the souls of many residents. Yusei was unable to finish the Duel due to an injury caused by his  Duel Runner  failing.
 Carly  was thrown off the  Arcadia Movement  building by  Sayer , but was spared from death by Earthbound Immortal  Aslla piscu .  Misty  sensed this and proceeded to the Arcadia Movement in order to face the Black Rose,  Akiza Izinski . Carly faced Sayer in a rematch. Both Dark Signers Summoned their Earthbound Immortals, absorbing the souls of bystanders. Meanwhile,  Devack  was able to free  Greiger  from a police wagon due to the  guards'  souls having been absorbed. Carly defeated Sayer with " Aslla piscu ", which caused the building to fall apart and Sayer fell, past the inside balconies. Misty and Akiza's Duel was interrupted and postponed due to the collapsing building.
 The Signers learned from Rex about the nature of the Dark Signers Dueling powers. Yusei, determined to save Kalin, questioned Rex about returning them to normal. Rex reluctantly tells them that the change cannot be reverted as they were no longer of this world. 
 
           The Dark Signers confront the Signers and their companions.     
 After a dark ritual performed by the Dark Signers in the  B.A.D.  area, a mysterious black fog covered all of Satellite, and absorbed all residents near this zone, seemingly including  Crow .
 After Roman's  Shadow Duel  against Yusei concluded, the rest of the Dark Signers showed themselves to their rivals, the Signers, as their final battle was about to begin. Each Signer was to travel to one of the four control units for the Original Ener-D Reactor, where their corresponding rival was awaiting. However, as Luna and Leo were taken by Trudge to the controller where Devack was, she was instead transported back to the  Minus World  in order to free  Ancient Fairy Dragon . This caused Leo to Duel Devack in her place, trying to fulfill his promise of protecting her. After Devack summoned his  Cusillu , Luna returned from the Spirit World and took Leo's place. Once Devack sacrificed  Ancient Fairy Dragon , in order to activate Cusillu's effect, Luna used  Respect Synchron  to summon Ancient Fairy Dragon to her side of the field thus releasing her and using her and  Power Tool Dragon  to destroy Cusillu and defeat Devack.
 Despite Devack's defeat and the apparent destruction of Cusillu, the Dark Signers had a contingency plan.  Greiger  soon became his replacement, using a sixth Earthbound Immortal,  Chacu Challhua . Later Greiger Dueled against  Crow , whom had managed to escape the fog. Later during the Duel, as the new Dark Signer summons his correspondent God, he ultimately finds out the truth about his village: the ones responsible for the destruction of it are actually the same individuals he now works for. Discovering this, Greiger lost his will to continue the Duel, but suddenly a dark and evil voice known only as an "Envoy of the Underworld" intervened. The entity possessed him in order to force the Duel to continue. In the end, the possessed Greiger was defeated by Crow in the Shadow Turbo Duel, during which Chacu Challhua was destroyed as well. 
 With his detours settled, Yusei finally reached  the Giant 's control unit, and Kalin. Their Duel was intense as Yusei tried to save him while Kalin just wanted revenge. As more of the Enforcers' past was revealed, including Kalin's final moments before becoming a Dark Signer, he Summoned Ccapac Apu and tried to destroy Yusei with it. However, as he manages to fend off from the Earthbound Immortal's assault, the Nazca God itself begins to trash the ground where the Duel is taking place. As Kalin started experiencing difficulties with this, Yusei tried to save him by summoning " Majestic Star Dragon " and took down Ccapac Apu. Kalin made peace with him and apologized for his mistakes before he withered into dust. 
 After the battle, Roman spoke to Yusei through Trudge as he challenged him. Therefore he, along with Crow, Luna, Leo and Trudge went to the Original  Ener-D  Reactor. As they met with Roman inside, he detonated the Ener-D Reactor, thus releasing the negative energy inside. As it filled the room, the two of them, who are above it, finally began their rematch. During the Duel, he revealed to him some unfortunate events which occurred between the Dark Signer and Professor Fudo. Roman also revealed his identity as the Fifth Signer. After Yusei finally managed to defeat  Uru , and thereby Roman, Roman detonated his left arm as he disappeared, and blew up the bridge and sent Yusei falling into the depths of the Ener-D Reactor. But Yusei was able to escape the netherworld by his father Dr. Fudo and return to his friends.
 
           Envoy of the Underworld     
 Meanwhile Jack, who has finally reached the Hummingbird tower, was surprised by Carly, who appeared riding her own  Duel Runner  before engaging in a Shadow Turbo Duel. Carly depleted most of his Life Points, and through the card  Enlightenment , showed Jack a vision of the future where he lost the Duel and became a Dark Signer, reigning as King over a dead world. Jack, who was at first caught up in the vision, dropped Carly's glasses and realized that they were still in the present. He was able to turn Carly back briefly into herself, before the "Envoy of the Underworld" possessed her and forced the Duel to continue. Carly summoned  Aslla piscu , however Jack turned the Duel around by summoning " Majestic Red Dragon ". However, as he attempted to end the Duel in a tie and theoretically destroy them both, Carly informed Jack that he had another destiny as King and broke free of the control of the Envoy of the Netherworld, destroyed Aslla piscu and took damage 
herself because of it. She lost the Duel and vanished in Jack's arms.
 Finally, Misty who was guarding the last Control Tower was waiting for Akiza while mourning for her dead brother,  Toby . Eventually Akiza and Mina arrived where the Lizard Tower was situated, in an old and abandoned carnival. Thus Akiza found Misty, and was guided by her into a House of Mirrors where they finally commenced their rematch. As it began, Misty recounted the events that lead up to Toby’s death that undoubtedly involved Akiza, through the use of her Sad Story Spells and Bad End Trap. Because of this, Akiza who was tormented by the truth, lost the will to continue the Duel. However, Sayer appeared to save her from landing on a large shard of broken glass, but then deviously awakened her powers as the  Black Rose  once again and controlling her.
 However, while Misty in the end summoned her powerful " Dragon Queen of Tragic Endings ", Akiza on the other hand not only unleashed her Black Rose Dragon, but also ultimately shattered every mirror in the vicinity and finally confronted her opponent face to face. Akiza and Misty's Duel continued while Misty managed to gain the upper hand by summoning Ccarayhua. While she does that, Yusei tricks Sayer in revealing the truth behind Toby's death. Upon hearing this, Misty commanded her monster to devour him and avenged her brother's death, and at the same time; freed Akiza from Sayer's control. Before she could surrender, the Envoy of the Underworld took control and was about to finish Akiza off with a direct attack. But Akiza pulled through by blocking the attack and summoning Black Rose Dragon again to destroy everything on the field. Misty tried to counter by inflicting damage through a card effect. But Akiza countered the damage and dealt it back to her ending the Duel with Misty feeling at peace. She vanished leaving her locket, containing Toby’s and her picture in it. 
 Later, right after Akiza’s Duel against Misty concludes, before the Signers were able to seal the last Tower, the King of the Netherworld appeared from the Original Ener-D Reactor, and was moving toward New Domino City. At that time Rex who had acquired the powers of a Signer with Roman's arm, revealed to be the last of the Dark Signers. As the dark mark of the Condor appeared on his back, it revealed his Dark Signer nature and gave him supernatural powers, he declared that a  Shadow Turbo Duel  would be held within the Condor geoglyph as a ritual to welcome the  King of the Netherworld .
 Therefore, Rex faced off against Yusei, Jack, and Crow in one final Shadow Turbo Duel. The Duel raged fiercely upon them and Rex. Though both Jack and Crow were unable to continue due to  Wiraqocha Rasca's  deadly effect, Yusei managed to win with their help.
 
           Four of the Dark Signers returning to life     
 After the King of the Netherworld was finally destroyed by the combined power of Yusei, Majestic Star Dragon, and the Crimson Dragon, all of the other Dark Signers were returned to life, leaving only the Goodwin brothers to pass on to the afterlife.
 As for the former Dark Signers, it's unknown if the others do or don't have recollection of ever being one, judging by Carly's statement of having amnesia and Kalin's current state (although it appears that Kalin and Greiger are the only ones with any recollection of their crimes as Dark Signers). 
 Order of reappearance:
 
 Misty Tredwell : It is shown that she and Akiza become close friends, and are now pen pals. She reappeared in many advertisements in Season 2, but hasn't made a physical appearance since. 
 Carly Carmine : She appeared by throwing off her old man disguise once after Akiza mentions that  Jack  still hasn't returned to New Domino City, going into a rant about how not only had he been gone for quite a while, she also had amnesia over everything she did as a Dark Signer (still in shock over her time as one once Akiza says that Carly isn't one anymore). She continued to be friends with everyone, normally helping Jack out of any tight spots. It is unknown if Carly is still friends with  Misty . 
 Kalin Kessler : He went on a trip and ended up in  Crash Town . His "new life" didn't seem to be as successful as the others; he wore a ragged black cape, is physically exhausted, and has lost all emotion, joining a large group of Duelists that Dueled against " Malcolm 's" group, with lifelong slavery as the loser's penalty (even then, he is still admired by the kids of the town). He Dueled Yusei one more time, so that he can leave the world of Dueling behind him. It is revealed that he kept his Dark Signer memories, and wanted to die for those actions. However, after a series of events, Kalin's will to live changed, making sure that the town and its inhabitants live peacefully from now on. At the end of Season 1, Luna says that she was able to get contact with both Kalin and Greiger. How she was able to do so is left unknown. 
 Greiger : He returned to his hometown, where he reunited with  Annie  and  Max . Since then, his family moved to  Nazca  where they build a shrine to pacify the  Earthbound Immortals  and spent the rest of the series tending to it. He also kept his memories as a Dark Signer, and wanted to repent for that crime. At the end of Season 1, Luna says that she was able to get contact with both Greiger and Kalin. How she was able to do so is left unknown. 
 
 In an information file that  Z-one  reads in  Episode 149 , in the "original" timeline before he and  Iliaster  caused the  Zero Reverse  to split the cities, there were only five Earthbound Immortals that fought the Signers - Uru, Ccapac Apu, Cusillu, Aslla Piscu, and Ccarayhua. This would seem to suggest that Rex and Greiger did not originally become Dark Signers, and that it was Z-one's interference with the timeline that caused them to become such.
 
 Abilities 
 Brainwashing 
           The Spider after possessing a victim.     
 Roman  had the ability to brainwash other people, by having a black spider latch onto a victim. The victim believed themselves to be a Dark Signer, gained the spider dark mark and did the bidding of the real Dark Signers. While brainwashed, the victim's Duels became Shadow Duels and their Deck was changed to one more fitting to a Dark Signer. In the English version the brainwashed person was known as a  Shadow Drone , while in the Japanese they referred to themselves as actual Dark Signers.
 The spell was lifted when the victim lost a Duel. At this point the spider was ejected from their body and erupted into a powder. The victim's Deck was then restored to normal and they had no memory of what happened while they were brainwashed.
 People who became real Dark Signers were believed to be brainwashed. Their motives were fueled by revenge. While some accepted it to be their own free will, it appeared that when their hatred motives are no longer pursued, then the Dark Signer will become possessed by their corresponding  Earthbound Immortal . This happened in  Greiger ,  Carly  and  Misty's  Duels, forcing them to continue against their will.
 
 Shadow Duels 
 Main article:  Shadow Duel 
           A Shadow Duel.     
 When a Dark Signer engaged in a Duel, the arena was surrounded by a force field of dark fire, taking the shape of the Dark Signer's respected geoglyph and became a Shadow Duel (However it has been proven that they can choose whether or not to make the geoglyph appear. This is evidenced by Misty in  Episode 60 , when Duels Akiza but the flames do not appear until she makes them manifest. When a brainwashed Dark Signer servant engaged in a Duel, the arena was instead surrounded by a purple, circular glow.
 During a Shadow Duel, players suffered real damage when attacked by monsters. The blasts from the attacks can be fatal and often caused damage to the surroundings. Also, according to  Sayer  during his Duel with  Carly Carmine  in  Episode 39 , the effects from a  Shadow Duel  are more powerful and deadlier than that of  Psychic Dueling .
 
 Dark Synchro Summoning 
 Main article:  Dark Synchro Summon 
           Dark Synchro Summoning     
 The  Dark Synchro  and  Dark Tuner monsters  were exclusive to the Dark Signers and Shadow Drones. Dark Synchro Monsters were  Synchro Summoned  by sending to the  Graveyard  1  Dark Tuner monster  and 1 non-Dark Tuner monster. The non-Dark Tuner monster's  Level  minus the Dark Tuner monster's  Level  must be equal to the Dark Synchro Monster's  Level , which is  negative . Most of the Dark Signers used the following chant: " When dark overlaps with dark, the doors of the underworld will open. To a world without light!"   In the dub, the chant is:  "When the shadows are devoured by even Darker shadows, the curtain pulls back and reveals, a world without light!" 
 
 Trivia 
 They are never shown eating or drinking, further enforcing their undead status. However, this doesn't impede their ability to function. Though Misty was shown having tea when Carly was saved by Aslla Piscu. 
 Becoming a Dark Signers heals whatever killed them, like internal damage (Carly and Misty), a broken neck (Greiger) and starvation (Kalin). It's implied even being reduced to ashes/vaporized (or at least a badly damaged corpse) can be healed by the Immortals' power given Roman was at the epicenter of  Zero Reverse . 
 Misty has shown the ability to hide her Dark Signer form and live her life as normal. This could be because she was in a hospital, and her "recovery" could be seen as natural. 
 Upon being fully corrupted as a Dark Signer, Carly planned to turn Jack into one. In a vision of this future, Jack's mark of the  Crimson Dragon  was replaced by her  Aslla piscu  mark, suggesting the power of an Immortal can be shared if a Dark Signer had a strong bond with someone.
 In this future, it's implied Jack and Carly were the only Dark Signers left as Jack ruled as the Dark King without opposition. 
 Carly and Misty were the only Dark Signers that didn't possess a  Dark Tuner Monster  and a  Dark Synchro Monster. 
 Carly is the only Dark Signer to invoke a Shadow Duel for both a Ground Duel and Turbo Duel. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8d/DarkSignersMeeting.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20150330050237', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Flag_of_Germany.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204214', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/Signers_face_Dark_Signers.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090804004834', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/87/Envoy_of_the_Underworld.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090523224219', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3c/DS.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090624192150', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/5Dx028_Spider_leaves_Dick.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081014162216', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f5/5Dx027_Duel_of_Darkness.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081014003217', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/DarkTuning.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081013152049']
Categories: Character groups, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's