Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:The_Doktor.png


 
 The Doktor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 The Doktor 
 
 
 Japanese   
 ドクトル 
 
 
 Korean   
 독토르 
 
 
 Italian   
 Il Dottore 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 116: " A Towering Achievement " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 Japanese  
 Takayuki Miyamoto [1] 
 
 
 
 The Doktor  is an antagonist in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V . He is a member of  Duel Academy . According to  Sora Perse , he is one of  the Professor 's closest aides. He possesses the ability to brainwash individuals through the use of his " Fusion Parasite " cards.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 1.4   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 2.3   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The Doktor is a tall and thin old man with fair skin, sunken eyes and cheeks, bags under his eyes, small green pupils, and long white hair in a style reminiscent of  Rex Goodwin . He wears a long dark gray coat with an orange-brown center that is patterned with yellow lines, in addition to gray pants and black shoes.
 
 Personality 
 The Doktor is ruthless, sadistic, and manipulative. He enjoys using his  Parasite Monsters  on people to force them to do what he wants, mainly by torturing his opponents by sending his brainwashed minions after them. If something goes wrong with his Parasite Monsters, the Doktor seeks ways to improve on them. 
 
 Abilities 
 The Doktor has created  Parasite Monsters  which he can implant in other individuals. [1]  According to Sora, this gives the Doktor the ability to alter their hearts and minds, causing them to act as he wants them to. [2] 
 
 Etymology 
 His title "Doktor" is pronounced " Dokutoru " (ドクトル) in the original Japanese rather than " Dokutā " (ドクター), which indicates that his title is in German.  Josef Mengele  was a German doctor who worked for the Nazis, earning his nickname "Angel of Death". Mengele's life inspired works in different media, and the German Nazi doctor stereotype inspired different kinds of doctor characters, many of them being villainous like the Doktor.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Not much is known about the Doktor, except that he is known as being in Leo Akaba's inner circle. At different points in time, he used his mind-controlling abilities on  Rin ,  Lulu Obsidian , and  Celina .
 
 Heartland City 
 He was first mentioned by Sora to the  Lancers  as they traveled to Duel Academy. He revealed rumors about a high-ranking individual with the ability to alter people's hearts as the reason of why Celina betrayed them. [2] 
 The Doktor is seen in person next to Leo himself and learned that  Zuzu Boyle  was captured. Leo noted that he had all the necessary pieces and that it was time for  Yusho Sakaki  to learn the truth, while the Doktor shuffled his Deck, drawing " Fusion Parasite " with glee. Through a monitor, he smiled after he watched  Apollo  and  Diana  being defeated at the hands of  Yugo  and  Kite Tenjo  respectively. He witnessed the reunion between Yugo and Rin while staring at his drawn "Fusion Parasite" with an evil smile. [3]  As he watched Yugo and Rin Duel each other, the Doktor asked Leo his thoughts about his  Parasite Monsters  being able to program their hosts into being loyal to him. Leo praised his skill but warned him about losing the girls, and the Doktor told him that they must have ways to defend themselves due to their value. He reassured him that his Parasite Monsters were perfect. He laughed when he heard Yugo trying to make Rin remember and commented that the Rin he knew was gone due to her fighting for Duel Academy by choice. He wondered what Yugo could do after being pushed back so far and noted that his Parasite Monsters are more stubborn than him. When Rin defeated Yugo, he congratulated her and called her back as the Professor was waiting for her. [1]  The Doktor watched  Shay  and Kite argue about Lulu's sanity, and he wondered if the siblings' bond could break the Professor's will, while drawing "Fusion Parasite" again. He was proud that his Parasite Monster seemed to control Lulu even through her bond with her sibling, but he was pleasantly surprised when Shay defeated Lulu. He found the resulting data interesting, and he left to make room for improvements on his Parasite Monsters. [4] 
 He laughed as he and Celina watched Lulu and  Yuya Sakaki  on the monitors, and he stated that he knew something like this would happen and was glad that he had placed a Parasite Monster into a Duel Academy student in advance. He stated that the  insects  were drawn towards something and called Celina a  queen . [5]  At some point he placed a Parasite Monster into Zuzu, brainwashing her. He watched Lulu look for Kite, wondering whether or not he should proceed while laughing. Lulu met up with Yuya, and as they departed to help Shay, the Doktor decided that it was time for her to serve him and he drew "Fusion Parasite" again, turning Lulu against Yuya. Shay arrived during Yuya and Lulu's Duel; the Doktor saw him as an annoying disturbance and dispatched Celina to deal with Shay. Celina tased Shay and joined the Duel, and the Doktor declared that it was time for Yuya to meet his maker. Celina  Fusion Summoned  " Parasite Queen ", and the Doktor called it a success, claiming that his genius had created the ultimate Parasite Monster, and he told them to rampage to their heart's content. Yuya declared that he would defeat the Doktor and save the girls; the Doktor dared them to if they could defeat Lulu and Celina. [6] 
 
       The Doktor with the bracelet girls under his control.     
 During the Duel, a Parasite Monster entered Yuya's ear, much to the Doktor's pleasure. He prepared to place Yuya under his control, but to his surprise, Yuya  resisted  the control. Yuya Summoned " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", and the Doktor commented that Yuya's  ace monster  had finally appeared, but his  Parasite  Deck had yet to show everything off. He appeared to Yuya through a monitor, telling him how terrifying his Parasite Deck was and told Yuya he'd never be able to meet Zuzu because he would have defeated her. He showed Yuya that Zuzu was already under his control and cut the feed, but this prompted Yuya to defeat Celina and Lulu in a fit of rage. Celina and Lulu returned with Yuya chasing after them, and the Doktor introduced himself and trapped Yuya in a cage. He then told the Professor that Yuya had been secured and left with all four girls. [7] 
 
 Duel Academy 
       The Doktor is carded by  the Professor .     
 Under the Professor's instructions, the Doktor brought the girls to him. He told the Professor that everything was ready and asked him to leave Yuya to him so he could find out why his insect disappeared from Yuya, wanting to experiment with the queen. The Professor was skeptical that the Doktor would be able to win, but the Doktor thought that it wasn't impossible and expressed confidence in his Parasite work. He told the Professor that as fellow researchers, they should share a similar curiosity in confronting challenging research. The Professor noted the Doktor's dangerous thinking and recalled his own past curiosity and proceeded to  seal him into a card , despite the latter's pleas. [8] 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat, every person who was turned into a card was restored. Though he was never seen again, it is assumed the Doktor was freed from his card as well. [9] 
 
 Deck 
 His Deck is unknown, with his only revealed card being " Fusion Parasite ".
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 116: " A Towering Achievement " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 119: " Family Face Off " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 124: " Paraside Seeing " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 125: " Rise of the Parasites " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/The_Doktor.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160923190015', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fa/The_Doktor_with_the_Bracelet_Girls.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20220720080720', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/TheDoktor-JP-Anime-AV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161016153813']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters