Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Team_Unicorn


 
 Team Unicorn
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 チーム・ユニコーン
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Chīmu Yunikōn
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Team Unicorn

 
 
 
 Founder
 
 
 Jean 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 Appears in (manga)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 Andre  (First Wheeler) 
 Breo  (Second Wheeler) 
 Jean  (Third Wheeler) 
 
 
 Team Unicorn  is a famous  Turbo Dueling  team from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . The three duelists are (from left to right in the photo to the right)  Breo ,  Andre , and  Jean . They are all relatively intelligent, and they rely on such traits for their dueling tactics. Andre knows how to improvise in different situations, Breo analyzes and remembers available information on an opponent, and Jean uses his stategizing skills with his teammates' abilities to plan the team's maneuvers. They're shown to be a little underhanded, running into  Crow  and using it as an excuse to Duel  Yusei  so they can learn his strategies. [1] 
 They have been competing in previous tournaments and now are also entering the  World Racing Grand Prix .
During the premier event for the WRGP,  Andre , one of the members from this team, approaches  Yusei Fudo , recognizing him as the winner of the  Fortune Cup .
 Sometime later, before the WRGP officially begins, an incident occurs between Breo and  Crow Hogan . Crow accidentally crashes the  Blackbird  into Breo's Duel Runner during a practice run. No one is hurt, but Jean starts to argue with Crow, Jack and Yusei. He is calmed down when Andre intervenes. Yusei recognizes Andre from the premier event and after some discussion, the 2 of them engage in a  Turbo Duel .
 Before the Duel begins, Jean and Breo talk with each other, revealing that they set-up the accident in order to lure Yusei into a Duel with Andre so that they can analyze their opponents before they face off in the first round of the WRGP.
 Their duel is an intense one, with Andre using an aggressive  Beatdown  strategy using  Beasts  to gain the upper hand on Yusei. However, Yusei is able to make an offensive comeback and is almost about to win the duel, but the duel is canceled due to Team Unicorn´s practice time having finished. After this, Andre, Breo and Jean leave, but Yusei notes the result was still unclear as Andre had a Set card left.
 During the preliminary match, Team Unicorn reveals a cooperative strategy crafted by Jean some time before the match. Andre uses a different strategy against Jack than the one used against Yusei, wrong-footing Jack and causing him to lose quickly. As in their past tournaments, Andre's turnaround plays keep dealing damage to do as much of the team's heavy lifting as possible.  Akiza  also loses against him, but was able to keep " Stardust Dragon ". Yusei then takes over the duel. Before things could turn for the better for Yusei, Andre uses " Magic Charge " to take out half of Yusei's Life Points at the cost of losing the duel. Breo then takes over the duel. He forsakes what could have been a beatdown strategy to instead devoting cards to mill the enemy's Deck before the enemy can find a way out of it. Breo then readies two cards that would wipe out the remainder of Yusei's Deck and insure victory for Team Unicorn, but to the shock of Jean and Breo, Yusei decides to take a gamble with  Tricolor Illusion " and gets what he needs to defeat Breo. Though " Junk Destroyer " breaks Breo's finishing combo, Breo deals some parting damage so Jean can finish Yusei off. Jean uses a combination of strategies to anticipate, parry, and eliminate the few attacks his teammates have left and the few moves that Yusei is capable of making. Even his ace monster,  Lightning Tricorn , is able to draw on the power of his teammates. Yusei however brings out a Fusion Monster known as " Dragon Knight Draco-Equiste " which was something Jean didn't predict or anticipate nor did his teammates. Jean and Yusei continue to hit against each other with their cards until Jean has the chance to either attack Yusei's " Rapid Warrior " or end his turn and make Yusei get disqualified due to  Deck Out . He gets caught up in the duel and ultimately decides to try and deal finishing damage with  his own card's  effect, rather than stop and allow Yusei to Deck Out. This backfires, dealing game-ending damage to him, but the team still supports him, finding new comrades in  Team 5D's  as well.
 Their progress against  Team Catastrophe  is not shown, as the dark effects of " Hook the Hidden Knight " end the match by a double-crash default. After this match, Team Unicorn is eliminated from the WRGP.
 Team Unicorn additionally appears in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga under the name  Double Unicorn  (in reference to Breo being omitted in that series). Both  Andre  and  Jean  participate in the  D1GP  but are eliminated by  Lazar .
 
 WRGP Preliminary Round 
 
 
 Record
 
 
 Opponent 
 Outcome 
 
 
 Team 5D's 
 Lose
 
 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Lose
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 96: " Natural Instincts, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Team_unicorn_2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20141230232022']
Categories: Teams