Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Battle_for_the_Cyberse

Battle for the Cyberse Cyberse becomes a target 
 Name
 Combatants
 
 
 
 
 Knights of Hanoi   
 SOL Technologies 
 Yusaku Fujiki 
 Major battlegrounds
 
 
 
 LINK VRAINS 
 
 
 Human Recruitment
 
 Knights of Hanoi 
 SOL Technologies 
 Playmaker 
 
 
 The  Battle for the Cyberse  is a major event in  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  involving the  Knights of Hanoi  and  SOL Technologies . SOL Technologies wants to harness the  Ignis  and the  Cyberse World  while the Knights of Hanoi wish to destroy them.
 Yusaku Fujiki  and  Cal Kolter  became involved in the conflict after they captured an escaped Ignis,  Ai .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Background 
 1.2   Season 1 
 1.3   Season 2 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Background 
       Revolver attacking the Cyberse World.     
 Dr.  Kiyoshi Kogami , performed several simulations of the Ignis' growth and concluded that AI and humans would be at odds and be the end of the world. Kogami then formed the Knights of Hanoi with the intention of destroying his creation. So five years before the start of the series,  Varis  assaulted  Cyberse World " with " Cracking Dragon " and restrained the Ignis that protected it. However,  another Ignis  appeared and forced a disconnection of Cyberse from the rest of the network, forcing Varis out of Cyberse while keeping its location hidden. Varis, furious by that Ignis' interference, ordered his "Cracking Dragon" to capture him, which led to the Ignis to be dismembered by the monster's jaws. This made Varis and the Knights of Hanoi spend the following years searching for that Ignis' parts in order to find the location of Cyberse.
 
 Season 1 
 The Ignis that escaped was pursued relentlessly by the Knights of Hanoi. SOL Technologies later found out that the Ignis was roaming around LINK VRAINS, and had their security chief,  Akira Zaizen , be in charge of the operation to capture it. The escaped Ignis was eventually caught by Yusaku Fujiki, who planned to use it as a weapon against the Knights of Hanoi.  [1]  Throughout the season, Yusaku operated covertly in LINK VRAINS as Playmaker, dueling against opponents that were affiliated with either SOL Technologies or the Knights of Hanoi. 
 
 Playmaker defeated a Knight of Hanoi in his first  Speed Duel .  [2]  He later called the captured Ignis "Ai". [3] 
 The Gore  drew out Playmaker after agreeing to do so for SOL Technologies; he entered LINK VRAINS disguised as a Knight of Hanoi, and was tasked with capturing Playmaker's Ignis. [4] 
 Blue Angel  challenged Playmaker out of a desire to prove her independence to her brother. But, while still waiting for Playmaker to respond to her challenge request, Blue Angel was visited by the Knights of Hanoi's second-in-command,  Specter , who threw a card at her and left. Ai then detected a Knight of Hanoi inside LINK VRAINS, prompting Yusaku to log in and accept Blue Angel's challenge.  [5]  During the duel, Blue Angel played the card that was given to her, and her behavior changed to the point where she screamed in anguish and lost consciousness before the end of the duel.  [6] 
 With Specter's mission deemed a success,  Varis  headed to the location where Blue Angel was resting, in order to challenge Playmaker. Playmaker had been lured to that location by  Ghost Gal , who agreed to do so for SOL Technologies by going into LINK VRAINS initially disguised as Blue Angel. After being lured, Playmaker was subject to torture by Akira Zaizen. [7] 
 Playmaker defeated  Varis  to obtain the cure to heal Skye.  [8]  After that, Akira was demoted, and SOL Technologies' stance shifted from pursuing the Ignis to protecting LINK VRAINS from the Knights of Hanoi.  [9] 
 Season 2 
 SOL Technologies' pursuit of the Ignis resumed with Akira Zaizen in charge of the operation under new boss  Queen . Akira assembled a squad of bounty hunters: The Gore,  Kenmochi ,  Yoroizaka  and  The Shepherd .  [10]   Their plans were put into disarray upon the Ignis' declaration of war on humanity.  [11]   Although SOL were successful in capturing one of the Ignis, Earth, he was forcibly terminated by Queen, an action that Akira did not approve of.  [12]   Following this, the only bounty hunter remaining, Shepherd, quit the squad.  [13]   SOL Technologies and the Knights of Hanoi then worked independently of each other to stop  Lightning's faction  and end the Ignis war.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 1: " Link into the VRAINS " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 2: " Seize the Wind! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 3: " Contact " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 4: " Pain and Gain " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 6: " True Blue " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 7: " Fallen Angel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 8: " A Storm is Coming " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 12: " Link the Circuit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 14: " An Invitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 50: " A Common Cause " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 71: " A Logical Decision " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 75: " Earthfall " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 78: " From One Hunter To Another " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Series 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Specials 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! LABO 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Tower of Hanoi 
 Tower of Hanoi 
 Lost Ignis 
 Ignis War 
 Ai's Rebellion 
 Duel terms 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Link Arrow 
 Link Material 
 Link Monster 
 Link Summon 
 LINK VRAINS 
 Master Duel 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Skill 
 Speed Duel 
 Special Summon 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Monsters 
 Tribute Summon 
 Xyz Material 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Blue Angel 
 Technology 
 A.I. Dueling Chip (Duel A.I. Implant Chip) 
 Cyberse World 
 D-Board 
 Data Storm 
 The Deleted (Another) 
 Duel Disk 
 LINK VRAINS 
 Mirror LINK VRAINS 
 Neuron Link 
 Solid Vision 
 SOLtiS 
 Tower of Hanoi 
 Groups 
 Celebrity Duelist (Charisma Duelist) 
 Ignis 
 Knights of Hanoi 
 Lightning's faction 
 Playmaker's faction 
 SOL Technologies 
 Abilities 
 Brain Hack 
 Link Sense 
 Events 
 Battle for the Cyberse 
 Hanoi Project 
 
 Chracters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/eb/Cyberse_World.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/229?cb=20170510181750', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/RevolverattackingtheCW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170705020729']
Categories: Battles