Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Marik_Ishtar_(manga)


 
 Marik Ishtar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Marik Ishtar 
 
 
 Other   
 Namu Maric Ishutarl ( bunkoban ) Malik Ishtar 
 
 
 Japanese   
 マリク・イシュタール 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 December 23 [1] 
 
 
 Age 
 16 [1] 
 
 
 Height 
 180 cm  [1] 
 
 
 Weight 
 55 kg [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 B [1] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Koshary [1] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Meat dish [1] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Ishizu Ishtar  (sister) Rishid  (adoptive brother) Mr. Ishtar  (father) Mrs. Ishtar  (mother) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Tomb Keeper 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Ghouls 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Battle City   Runner up     
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Slime/Slifer (through the Doll) Burn  (through Jonouchi) 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 92: " Rare Hunters! " 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 
 
 Marik Ishtar  is a character appearing in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This is the original depiction of  Marik Ishtar .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   Childhood 
 1.2   Battle City 
 1.3   Ceremonial Battle 
 
 
 2   Deck 
 3   Duels 
 4   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 Childhood 
 Marik's family guarded the tomb of the Pharaoh for generations and two  Millennium Items  (the  Millennium Rod  and  Millennium Necklace ) were passed on to Marik and his sister  Ishizu Ishtar . Marik was forbidden to leave the Pharaoh's tomb due to  his father 's fear that the freedom and marvels of the outside world would further divert Marik's attention from his heritage. Marik no longer wanted to become a Tombkeeper, so his adoptive brother  Rishid  asked if he could take Marik's place but was refused. When Marik was forced to take the initiation ritual to become a full Tombkeeper, Marik spawned his second personality  Dark Marik  from the pain he endured. A year later, Marik and Ishizu took a forbidden trip to the surface but their father found out and attempted to kill Rishid. In the midst of his father's torture of Rishid, Marik blanked out and his second personality Dark Marik emerged for the first time to resist his father's punishment and claimed the Millennium Rod for himself. Ignoring his father's orders to put it down, Dark Marik used its powers to smash him against the wall. When Ishizu protested, she suffered the same strike. Dark Marik then proceeded to kill his father. After Dark Marik was sealed away in Marik's body by Rishid, Marik believed that the Pharaoh had ordered the loyalist  Shadi  to kill his father, due to Rishid saying Shadi had killed him, trying to be a big brother and hiding from Marik that it was actually his alter ego who had done so. This increased Marik's grudge and resentment to the Pharaoh, causing him to create the  Ghouls .
 As a teenager, Marik was the leader of the Ghouls organization as he wished with the Millennium Rod to obtain the three Egyptian God Cards so that he could unlock their power for himself, gain the title of "Pharaoh" and set his family free from the duty of the Tombkeepers. He also had a hidden agenda - to get revenge on the Nameless Pharaoh's soul for killing his father as he mistakenly believed that it was the Pharaoh's fault. Although he and his Ghouls uncovered " The Sun Dragon Ra " and " Slifer the Sky Dragon " from where  Maximillion Pegasus  had hidden them, they were unable to uncover " The God of the Obelisk ", which was taken by Ishizu and given to  Seto Kaiba .
 
 Battle City 
 During  Battle City , Marik and his Ghouls hacked into Battle City's computer system and entered themselves in the tournament. After the  Pharaoh  defeated the  weakest Rare Hunter , Marik used the Millennium Rod to take over the Rare Hunter's body to introduce himself to the Pharaoh. After the Pharoah defeated  Pandora , Marik used the Millennium Rod to take over Pandora's body to introduce himself to  Yugi Mutou , the Pharaoh's vessel. While arriving at Domino City, Marik used the Millennium Rod to have a  Rare Hunter  use Slifer against the Pharoah but the Pharaoh defeated the Rare Hunter and took Silfer as his prize. When he was getting ready to brainwash  Jonouchi ,  Dark Bakura  stood in his way, telling him to hand over the Rod. Instead, they made a deal where if Bakura obtains Slifer for him and defeat  Dark Yugi , he would give him the Millennium Rod. Dark Bakura then stabbed himself in the arm and gave control back to his host,  Ryo Bakura . He showed the injured Bakura to Jonouchi,  Sugoroku , and  Anzu , gaining their trust and taking the guise of  Namu . While Kaiba and the Pharaoh dueled The Mask of Light and the Mask of Darkness, Marik used his Millennium Rod to brainwash Katsuya Jonouchi and Anzu Mazaki. After Kaiba used Obelisk to defeat Umbra, Marik used the Millennium Rod to take over The Mask of Light's body and brag about having Yugi's friends. Having a Rare Hunter hold Anzu hostage, the deadly duel between the Pharaoh and Jonouchi went through much to Kaiba's horror. In the midst of the duel, Yugi took over for the Pharaoh much to Marik's anger as he wanted to see the Pharaoh's demise not his teenage vessel's. When Marik forced Jonouchi with the Millennium Rod's full power, Jonouchi was able break free with his willpower.
 Marik, Bakura and Rishid took places in the quarter-finals. Marik took the guise of Namu while Rishid pretended to be "Marik" as nobody had actually met him in person and known his true name (sans Dark Bakura, since although Anzu, Jonouchi, and Ryo Bakura technically met him, he pretended to be a boy named Namu). After Bakura was defeated by the Pharaoh in the first quarter-final match, Marik had Rishid use a counterfeit Ra card in his quarter-final against Jonouchi. When Jonouchi suspected that he was not dueling the real Marik, as Rishid had been dueling with honor while Marik was cruel, sadistic and as by far as Jonouchi was concerned, a dirty cheater; Marik ordered Rishid to use the counterfeit Ra to "show" he's Marik but Ra was angered by this and wrathfully struck both duelists with lightning, ultimately rendering Rishid and Jonouchi unconscious. After Jonouchi defeated Rishid, the latter reveals to the Pharaoh and Jonouchi that he is really Marik's servant while Marik began to suffer sudden headaches. After Rishid was further rendered unconscious, Marik revealed himself to everyone. Suddenly, Marik cried out in pain as his  darker personality  gained control of his body. While Ishizu dueled Kaiba in the fourth quarter-final match, Marik tried to call out to Ishizu but his dark personality trapped Marik in a "prison" built out of his own fear and pity. During his sister's duel with Kaiba, the Millennium Rod began activating on its own, causing Dark Marik to wonder why. Through Anzu's mind, Marik listened to Ishizu's story of how he became evil and created his darker side, thus beginning to reform himself. After the quarter-finals, his reformed soul confronted his other self, claiming that he would make up for everything he had done and apologizing to his father, before a Duel with him. In this Duel, Marik teamed up with Dark Bakura to stop him, but failed when Dark Marik used Ra's other abilities, which were unknown to Marik. However, Marik (through Anzu) warned Ishizu to hide Rishid from Dark Marik in order to save his life.
 In the final duel between Dark Marik and the Pharaoh, their weaker selves were the victims of the Shadow Game being played. As the duel went on, Dark Marik became the dominant host of Marik's body while the real Marik's soul slowly faded out of existence. This Shadow Game gave him a clear edge, for when the Pharaoh lost Life Points, Yugi's body would fade away, and when Yami Marik lost Life Points, the original Marik would fade away. As Marik realizes his mistakes of making people suffer, he speaks out through Anzu, begging the Pharaoh for his forgiveness and asks him to defeat Dark Marik, even if it meant he would die. While they dueled, Rishid woke up and made Marik realize he had to accept his responsibility for being a Tombkeeper. With this confidence, Marik overpowered his evil self and made him the victim of the Shadow Game, and then forfeited, destroying Dark Marik. Marik gave the Pharaoh the Millennium Rod and the Ra card.
Marik then revealed the Tombkeeper's initiation. The carving of the pharaoh's memory onto the back of a tomb guardian on his back. Fulfilling his duty as a Tombkeeper, Marik returned to Egypt to start a new life.
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 Marik, Ishizu and Rishid led Yugi and the gang to the tomb where Yugi and Atem must face for the Ceremonial Battle. Atem loses, so he passes on to the afterlife. He later escapes the collapsing tomb.
 
 Deck 
 When Marik controlled the  Doll , he used a "Slime" Deck, focused on Summoning and strengthening " Slifer the Sky Dragon "
 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Humanoid Slime   (ヒューマノイド・スライム  Hyūmanoido Suraimu ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 800 DEF   0 0 0 0 2000 
 
 
 
 
 Revival Jam  | Revival Slime (リバイバルスライム  Ribaibaru Suraimu ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 500 
 
 
 
 
 Slime King   (スライムキング  Suraimu Kingu ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 00 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 00 
 
 
 
 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon  | Saint Dragon - The God of Osiris (ＳＡＩＮＴ ＤＲＡＧＯＮ － ＴＨＥ ＧＯＤ ＯＦ ＯＳＩＲＩＳ  Seinto Doragon - Za Goddo obu Oshirisu ) 
 
 
 Level  10 ★★★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 X000 DEF   0 0 0 0 X000 
 
 
 
 
 Worm Drake   (ワームドレイク  Wāmu Doreiku ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Card of Safe Return  | Treasure Cards of Safe Return (生還の宝札  Seikan no Hōsatsu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Infinite Cards  | Infinite Hand (無限の手札  Mugen no Tefuda ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Jam Breeding Machine  | Slime Breeder Reactor (スライム増殖炉  Suraimu Zōshokuro ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Nightmare Steel Cage   (悪夢の鉄檻  Akumu no Tetsuori ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Polymerization  | Fusion (融合  Yūgō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Quick Attack   (速攻  Sokkō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Jam Defender  | Defend Slime (ディフェンド・スライム  Difendo Suraimu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Humanoid Drake   (ヒューマノイド・ドレイク  Hyūmanoido Doreiku ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 2200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Event
 
 Outcome
 
 Chapters
 
 
 VS  —  Ishizu Ishtar 
 
 
 
 Lose
 
 
 VS  —  Dark Yugi (through the  Doll )
 
 Battle City 
 
 Lose
 
 
 VS  —  Yugi Mutou (through  Brainwashed Jonouchi )
 
 Battle City 
 
 DRAW
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   1.6   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2002). "Chapter 1: Character Directory" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth .  Shueisha . p. 66.  ISBN   4-08-873363-0 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Marik Ishtar  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Marik_Ishtar_-_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150330174325', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/HumanoidSlime-JP-Manga-DM-CA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20140804155412', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/RevivalJam-JP-Manga-DM-CA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20140804155416', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/SlimeKing-JP-Manga-DM-CA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20140809000501', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Marik Ishtar pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters