Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Tristan_Taylor_(Duel_Links)


 
 Tristan Taylor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Tristan Taylor 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 本田ヒロト 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Tristan Deck Rituals and Tributes Battleguard Bros. Power of Friendship 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Greg Abbey 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hidehiro Kikuchi 
 
 
 
 Tristan Taylor  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Tristan Taylor , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 He first appeared in the Duel World during April Fools 2018. Despite not being able to be fully dueled at that time, he became a fully capable Duelist in Late May. He was made playable on December 7th, 2018.
 Prior to June 25, 2019, he was exclusive to the  special event   Tabletop RPG: Monster World , only being able to be unlocked during the event.
 Blue  Gate Keys  are normally required to Duel Tristan Taylor at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Roaming Duelist 
 
 3.2.1   Level 30 
 3.2.2   Level 40 
 
 
 3.3   Opponent 
 
 3.3.1   Level 10 
 3.3.2   Level 20 
 3.3.3   Level 30 and Level 40 
 
 
 3.4    Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 
 3.4.1   Kuriboh Cup 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Though Tristan doesn't consider himself a Duelist, he's been present at every one of  Yugi  and  Joey's  critical Duels. With an unbreakable bond of friendship, Tristan unconditionally cheers his buddies on to victory.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning/Victory pose Defeat pose, when his life points drop to 0. Tristan trapped by  Yami Bakura  in a Magic Cowboy doll 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Tristan Deck Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Warrior  x3 
 Cyber Commander  x3 
 Dharma Cannon  x3 
 Doron  x3 
 Gigobyte  x3 
 Prisman  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack  x2 
 Roaming Duelist 
 Level 30 
 
 Rituals and Tributes Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Acrobat Monkey  x3 
 Giga Gagagigo 
 Gogiga Gagagigo 
 Effect Monsters 
 Jigabyte  x3 
 Voltic Kong  x2 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Garma Sword  x3 Spells  (7) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack  x2 
 Cost Down 
 Double Summon 
 Garma Sword Oath  x3 
 Level 40 
 
 Battleguard Bros. Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Gagagigo  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berserk Gorilla  x2 
 Command Knight 
 Lava Battleguard  x3 
 Swamp Battleguard  x3 
 Voltic Kong Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Feast of the Wild LV5  x3 
 The A. Forces 
 Traps 
 Battleguard Howling 
 Battleguard Rage 
 Needlebug Nest 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 The A. Forces Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Cyber Commander  x3 
 Acrobat Monkey  x3 
 Thunder Kid  x3 
 Gigobyte  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Shien's Footsoldier  x3 
 Test Ape  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 The A. Forces  x2 
 Double Snare 
 Level 20 
 
 Robo-Power Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Shovel Crusher  x3 
 Roboyarou  x3 
 Robolady  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Tactical Espionage Expert  x3 
 Thunder Dragon  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Super Roboyarou 
 Super Robolady Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 The A. Forces  x2 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Block Attack 
 Level 30 and Level 40 
 Same as Roaming Duelist section.
 
  Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 Kuriboh Cup 
 Skill: "Fields of the Warriors" (Begin Duel with the Field Spell "Sogen" activated.)
 
 
 Power of Friendship Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Warrior 
 Chu-Ske the Mouse Fighter 
 Cyber Commander  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Akz, the Pumer 
 Combo Fighter 
 Combo Master 
 Gladiator Beast Dimacari 
 Kangaroo Champ 
 Karate Man 
 Lava Battleguard 
 Master Monk 
 Rai-Jin 
 Shien's Footsoldier 
 Test Ape 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Super War-Lion Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gladiator Beast Essedarii 
 Master of Oz 
 Red-Eyes Slash Dragon 
 Ryu Senshi 
 Super Robolady Spells  (9) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Card of the Soul 
 Kaminote Blow 
 Legendary Ebon Steed 
 Level Up! 
 Morale Boost 
 The Reliable Guardian 
 Two-Man Cell Battle 
 Wonder Wand 
 Yu-Jo Friendship 
 Traps 
 Cry Havoc! 
 Fine 
 Foolish Revival 
 Lucky Punch 
 Oops! 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Tristan Taylor reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Acrobat Monkey "
 
 
 4
 
 Deck Master Effect - Commander ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Tristan Taylor)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Ogre of the Black Shadow "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Tristan Taylor)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Acrobat Monkey "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Ogre of the Black Shadow "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Fields of the Warriors ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Freed the Brave Wanderer "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Acrobat Monkey "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Freed the Brave Wanderer "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 I’m Not Done Yet! ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Ogre of the Black Shadow "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Freed the Brave Wanderer "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Tardy Orc "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Tristan Taylor)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Absolute Crusader "
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Tardy Orc "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Muscle Medic "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Tardy Orc "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Absolute Crusader "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Tristan Taylor)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Motivating Captain "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Tristan Taylor, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Panther Warrior "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Yu-Jo Friendship "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Millennium Shield "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Berserk Gorilla "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Battleguard Rage "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Voltic Kong "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Little-Winguard "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Super Robolady "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Super Roboyarou "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Roboyarou "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Robolady "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Cyber Commander "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Deck Master Effect: Cyber Commander
 
 If you have " Cyber Commander " on your field, the ATK/DEF of Warrior-Type and Machine-Type monsters you control by 300. In addition, instead of conducting your normal draw, you can add "Cyber Commander" to your hand from your Deck.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Fields of the Warriors
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Sogen " activated.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 I’m Not Done Yet!
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward. Your Life Points become 2000. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Super Strength!
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward. Select 1 monster you control. Its ATK becomes 2000. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.
 This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reload
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward. Add all cards in your hand to your Deck and shuffle it. Then draw the same number of cards that you added to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi  or  Yugi Muto , Tristan announces "Okay, Yugi! Teach me how to Duel!"
 When he wins the Duel, Tristan says "Whoa! You lost against me? ME?!? You okay, Yugi?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Tristan says "Yup, that's Yugi for ya." followed by "I never had a chance." 
 Joey Wheeler 
 When starting a duel with  Joey Wheeler , Tristan announces "Joey! Unlike your grades, has your Dueling improved?"
 When he wins the Duel, Tristan says "C'mon Joey!" followed by "How are you gonna be a true Duelist if you can't beat me?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Tristan says "Even I can tell that your skills are better than ever, Joey!" 
 Téa Gardner 
 When starting a Duel with  Téa Gardner , Tristan announces "If Téa's my opponent, I definitely have a chance!"
 When he wins the Duel, Tristan says "I knew you'd be a perfect match for me, Téa." 
 When he loses the Duel, Tristan says "Téa! When did you learn these moves?!?" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Tristan Summons " Acrobat Monkey ", a cut-in frame of Tristan appears, and he announces "Oh man...nightmares! You turn into this thing when you lose." followed by "Acrobat Monkey! Screeeeech!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Pounce, Acrobat Monkey!" followed by "Screeech!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Dark Magician ", a cut-in frame of Tristan appears, and he announces "I've got nothing to fear with this guy on my side!" followed by "Yugi's main dude! Dark Magician!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces “You've got this, Dark Magician!" followed by "Dark Magic Attack!” 
 When Tristan Summons " Gagagigo ", a cut-in frame of Tristan appears, and he announces "I'll go with this guy! Gagagigo!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gagagigo! Attack!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Red-Eyes B. Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Tristan appears, and he announces "Joey's monster is here for the rescue!" followed by "Red-Eyes B. Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "It's all on you, Red-Eyes B. Dragon!" followed by "Inferno Fire Blast" 
 When Tristan Summons " Battleguard King ", a cut-in frame of Tristan's face briefly appears, and he announces "I'll play this! Battleguard King!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take 'em down! Battleguard King!" 
 When Tristan activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Battleguard King's effect!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Lava Battleguard ", a cut-in frame of Tristan's face briefly appears, and he announces "Let's get wild, Lava Battleguard!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take 'em down, Lava Battleguard!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Swamp Battleguard ", a cut-in frame of Tristan's face briefly appears, and he announces "Join me, Swamp Battleguard!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take 'em down, Swamp Battleguard!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Command Knight ", he announces "I Summon Command Knight!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Command Knight!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Cyber Commander ", he announces "Here comes Cyber Commander!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Just lettin' you know, I'm quite the sharpshooter!" followed by "Fire, Cyber Commander!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Gagagigo the Risen ", he announces "I Summon Gagagigo the Risen!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gagagigo the Risen, attack!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Garma Sword ", he announces "I Special Summon Garma Sword!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Slice and dice, Garma Sword!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Giga Gagagigo ", he announces "I Summon Giga Gagagigo!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Giga Gagagigo!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Gigobyte ", he announces "I Summon Gigobyte!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gigobyte attacks!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Gogiga Gagagigo ", he announces "I Summon Gogiga Gagagigo!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Gogiga Gagagigo!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Jigabyte ", he announces "I Summon Jigabyte!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Jigabyte!" 
 When Tristan activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Jigabyte's effect!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Launcher Spider ", he announces "I Summon Launcher Spider!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Launcher Spider! Fire!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Roboyarou " he announces "I Summon Roboyarou!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em, Roboyarou!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Robolady ", he announces "I Summon Robolady!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Robolady!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Shovel Crusher ", "I Summon Shovel Crusher!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Smash 'em, Shovel Crusher!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Super Robolady ", he announces "I Special Summon Super Robolady!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Super Robolady!" 
 When Tristan activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Super Robolady's effect!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Super Roboyarou ", he announces "I Special Summon Super Roboyarou!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Super Roboyarou!" 
 When Tristan activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Super Roboyarou's effect!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Tactical Espionage Expert ", he announces "Tactical Espionage Expert! Save the hostages!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Tactical Espionage Expert! They won't know what hit 'em!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Test Ape ", he announces "I Summon Test Ape!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Scratch 'em up, Test Ape!" 
 When Tristan activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Check out Test Ape's effect!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Thunder Dragon ", he announces "I Summon Thunder Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Thunder Dragon!" 
 When Tristan activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Thunder Dragon's effect!" 
 When Tristan Summons " Thunder Kid ", he announces "I Summon this little fella! Thunder Kid!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Thunder Kid, shock 'em!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Tristan activates " Battleguard Howling ", he announces "I activate the Trap Card, Battleguard Howling!" 
 When Tristan activates " Battleguard Rage ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Battleguard Rage!" 
 When Tristan activates " Block Attack ", he announces "I'll switch you monster to Defense Position!" followed by "I activate the Spell Card, Block Attack!" 
 When Tristan activates " Cybernetic Zone ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Cybernetic Zone!" 
 When Tristan activates " Double Snare ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Double Snare!" 
 When Tristan activates " Feast of the Wild LV5 ", he announces "I'll use a Spell Card! Feast of the Wild LV5!" 
 When Tristan activates " Garma Sword Oath ", he announces "I activate the Ritual Spell, Garma Sword Oath!" 
 When Tristan activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Tristan activates " Rare Metalmorph ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Rare Metalmorph!" 
 When Tristan activates " The A. Forces ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Spell, The A. Forces!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Tristan Summons " Sengenjin ", "I Summon Sengenjin!"
 Most of the time when Tristan declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Sengenjin!" 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Duel Monsters  (DM) counterpart of  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) . 
 Tristan's  Skill , "Deck Master Effect - Commander", is a reference to when he was " Cyber Commander " in Yami Yugi's first Duel against Yami Bakura in  Episode 13  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  series. It may also be a reference to the  Virtual World arc , in which the Deck Master Rule was used. 
 The name of Tristan's "Super Strength!" Skill is a reference to  Yu-Gi-Oh: The Abridged Series , in where one of Tristan's catchphrases is "My voice gives me super strength!". 
 The inclusion of " Rare Metalmorph  and " Command Knight " as card-specific dialogue may be inspired by similar anime-only cards used by Tristan; " Rare Metal Soul " and " Command Angel ". 
 The inclusion of " Thunder Dragon ", " Thunder Kid ", and " Shovel Crusher " as card-specific dialogue references their places on his team in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters . 
 Tristan's dialogue for " Acrobat Monkey ", and the monkey sound effects he makes when summoning it, are references to how he was turned into a similar-looking robot monkey during the Virtual World arc in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  series. 
 Ishizu Ishtar , Tristan Taylor (DM),  Sera ,  Scud ,  Prana ,  Blair Flannigan , and  Carly Carmine  are the only Legendary Duelists who do not have a cutscene for when they Summon their ace monster(s). Although it should be noted that none of them, excluding Blair, possessed an ace monster with which to begin. 
 Tristan Taylor (DM), Jaden Yuki, and Yusei Fudo are the characters whose dialogue remains unchanged when Dueling against Yami Yugi or Yugi Muto (DM). 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a Skill that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi,  Arkana , Yubel,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) , Tristan Taylor (DM) - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor , Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Rex Raptor,  Bandit Keith , and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM),  The Paradox Brothers ,  Espa Roba , and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik  and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and  Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba,  Aigami , Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Tristan Taylor  (Hiroto Honda) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monsters Coliseum 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Falsebound Kingdom 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c9/TristanTaylor-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/306?cb=20180331160659', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/Profile-DULI-TristanTaylor.png/revision/latest?cb=20180518115337', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/Icon-DULI-TristanTaylor.png/revision/latest?cb=20181204131541', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/Icon-DULI-TristanTaylor2.png/revision/latest?cb=20181204131645', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/CutIn-DULI-TristanTaylor.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180518115449', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/Summoning-DULI-TristanTaylor.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180518114125', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b6/Defeat-DULI-TristanTaylor.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180328175606', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4e/Icon-DULI-MagicCowboyTristan.png/revision/latest?cb=20181206131321', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Tristan Taylor pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters