Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Johnny_Steps.png


 
 Johnny Steps 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Johnny Steps 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Step Johnny 
 
 
 Other names  
 Dreadlock Johnny 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 ステップ・ジョニー 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Deck 
 Musician 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 53: " Steppin' Out " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Andrew Paull 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hideki Konda 
 
 
 Spanish voice 
 Lorenzo Beteta (Spain) 
 
 
 
 Johnny Steps , known as  Step Johnny  (ステップ・ジョニー  Suteppu Jonī ) in the Japanese version and  Dreadlock Johnny  in the Singaporean dub, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . He is a handsome dancer, who challenged  Téa Gardner  to a dance battle game, similar to  Dance Dance Revolution .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Personality 
 2   Biography 
 3   Voice and mannierisms 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Deck 
 6   Duels 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Personality 
 Probably still traumatized from failing his dance audition, Johnny had an inner compulsion to be successful no matter what, even if it meant cheating, as evident when he started to push and shove Téa during their dance game when she gained the upper hand and won the audience’s attention from him. He is also quite stubborn and refuses to admit defeat, as when he starts to mess up during the dance game, he blames it on the game, calling it broken, and also blames his loss to his leg cramping up, and during the duel with Yugi, he refuses to admit that he misplayed and accuses him of cheating until he finds out who his opponent is.
 He has an ego and is quite arrogant and vain, probably from his undefeated winning streak in the arcade game, as shown when he constantly mocks and disrespects his opponents Téa and Yugi during each of their games, though he becomes more humble when Téa gives him an inspiring pep talk after he forfeits the duel to Yugi. 
 
 Biography 
 Johnny aspired to be a professional dancer, but gave up the dream after failing an audition. He still played the dance battle game at the arcade, where he achieved the high score. However, despite his air of being popular, he had no real friends. He had some experience playing  Duel Monsters  with a deck of his own (in the anime only; he doesn’t duel in the manga), and knew about  Yugi Muto  and his victory over  Maximillion Pegasus  at  Duelist Kingdom . Despite this, he doesn’t consider himself to be a professional duelist (evident in his actual dueling skills) as he is instead passionate about dancing, mirroring Téa as she is more passionate about dancing rather than dueling. 
 Johnny challenged Téa to the dance battle game. Although  Yami Yugi  said to ignore him, Téa accepted the challenge. Johnny said she would have to spend the evening with him if she loses and that that was probably why she was playing the game with him in the first place. Téa called him a jerk and the two start the game. After it became clear Téa was going to win, Johnny deliberately tripped and elbowed Téa, but she still managed to win.
 Afterwards, Johnny followed Yami Yugi and Téa and confronts them. He demanded a rematch, where if he loses, he will leave her alone, but if he wins, Téa must become his girlfriend. Téa told him to give it up, but Yami instead challenged Johnny to a Duel.
 At first, Johnny's Deck seemed to have no overall strategy as he Summons  monsters  to the field randomly and forgot basic things such as switching his monsters'  battle positions . Johnny however, managed to Summon " Musician King " and equipped it with " Metalmorph ", forming " Heavy Metal King ". After Yami's " Dark Magician " defeated "Heavy Metal King", he becomes confused as to why "Metalmorph" did not add half of the  ATK  of "Dark Magician" to "Heavy Metal King". Yami then explains the reason which is that "Metalmorph" only works when the equipped monster attacks and not when it is attacked. Johnny recognized Yami as the King of Games and the one who defeated  Pegasus  and fled, knowing he was up against a powerful opponent.
 Before he escaped, Téa confronted him about running away. She asked how many friends he has. Johnny lied that he has one, but Téa did not believe him. She found out about how he failed an audition and consoled with him, saying she had failed over a dozen and that he should not give-up so easily (this is replaced by talks of having friends in the dub). She sent him off with more self-confidence than he had before.
 
 Voice and mannierisms 
 In the English dub he uses music jargon when Dueling.
 
 Other appearances 
 Step Johnny (manga) Johnny Steps ( Dungeon Dice Monsters ) Johnny Steps ( Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Deck 
 Johnny plays a  Musician Deck  consisting of monsters associated with music and dancing. However he isn't a very good Duelist, and  Yami Yugi  refers to his Deck as consisting of "fan cards" with no real theme or balance (a "fun deck" in the original). As it was evident that he was an amateur duelist, he even made several mistakes during the Duel such as forgetting to switch " Water Omotics " to  Defense Position  to benefit from " Chorus of Sanctuary ", forgetting to use the search effect of his “ Witch of the Black Forest ”, and forgetting the rulings of " Metalmorph ". His signature card is " Musician King ", which he equips with "Metalmorph" and begins calling " Heavy Metal King ". Despite his novice dueling skills, he is somewhat competent as he at least knew basic mechanics like fusion summoning, and at the very least, gained the upper hand very briefly when he summoned his Musician King, shocking Tèa and Yugi. Most of his cards are from  Metal Raiders  and, unusual for a male Duelist, all of his monsters are female except for "Musician King" and " Battle Warrior ", this can be explained with the fact that he loves girls.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Warrior [Note 1] 
 Dancing Elf [Note 1] 
 Heavy Metal King 
 Lady of Faith 
 Sonic Maid 
 Spirit of the Harp 
 Water Omotics 
 Effect Monsters 
 Witch of the Black Forest Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Musician King Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chorus of Sanctuary 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Metalmorph 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 53 
 Lose (Johnny quits)
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen in his  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fe/Johnny_Steps.png/revision/latest?cb=20070513020041', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/Step_Johnny_-_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/137?cb=20141209232717', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/Johnny_Steps-DDM.png/revision/latest?cb=20140622150542', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/RODJohnnySteps.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20141209232922', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters