Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Mokuba_Kaiba%27s_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Mokuba Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Mokuba Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi  and  Mokuba Kaiba  Dueled during the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on  a similar Duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 While  Maximillion Pegasus  tried taking over  KaibaCorp , Mokuba swallowed an important key, so Pegasus had him kidnapped until the key could be retrieved. Mokuba was brought to  Pegasus Castle  on the  Duelist Kingdom island . However Mokuba escaped the castle.
 Mokuba knew that Pegasus' plan involved defeating  Yugi Muto  in the finals of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, so Mokuba tried to eliminate Yugi from the tournament before that could happen. He stole a Deck and five  Star Chips  from  one of the participants  and planned to use them to defeat Yugi.
 Yami Yugi ,  Joey Wheeler  and their friends saw the boy, whom Mokuba had stolen from, being restrained by  Kemo  and told he was to be sent off the island for losing all his Star Chips. The boy explained that the Star Chips had been stolen, but Kemo was unsympathetic. Joey offered to catch the thief and asked that Kemo not remove the boy from the island until then. Joey then added that he would keep half the Star Chips as a reward.
 While searching for the thief, Yami and Joey saw the boat with the eliminated participants leaving the island and among them was the boy whose Star Chips had been stolen, meaning they would not be able to return the Star Chips to him. Mokuba masked with a bandanna appeared before Yami Yugi and his friends. They recognized the person before them as the thief, but did not immediately recognize that he was Mokuba.
 Yami accepted Mokuba's Duel request, despite knowing he was the thief. The two of them wagered their five Star Chips. As they lay down their Star Chips, Yami noticed that Mokuba did not have a  Duel Glove , meaning he was not invited to the tournament. He wondered if the thief stole the Star Chips just to challenge him and started to become suspicious of something. Meanwhile, Yami's friends wondered why he accepted the Duel, when his opponent was clearly the thief.
 
 The Duel 
 1st turn: Mokuba 
 Mokuba  Summons  " Man-Eating Plant ".
 2nd turn: Yami 
 Yami Summons " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress ".
 "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress"  attacks  and  destroys  "Man-Eating Plant" (Mokuba: 2000 → 1400  Life Points ).
 
 Mokuba's turn 
 Mokuba Summons " Krokodilus ".
 
 Yami's turn 
 Yami attacks "Krokodilus" with "Winged Dragon, Guradian of the Fortress".
 Joey thought that the thief was not very good and  Téa  agreed that he was no match for Yami Yugi. Yami advised Mokuba to give up, as the game is not so simple that it can be won with stolen cards. Mokuba knew he did not have a chance of winning, so tried to take Yugi's Star Chips instead.
 The Duel was not finished.
 
 
 Aftermath 
 Mokuba made a grab for the Star Chips, only managing to grab seven of the ten, but Yami caught him by the wrist, before he could escape. Yami then removed Mokuba's cap and bandanna, revealing his identity.
 When questioned about why he tried to steal Yugi's Star Chips, Mokuba told them that it was not for revenge. He told them about  Pegasus '  plan to take over   KaibaCorp , which required Pegasus to defeat Yugi in an official Duel. Mokuba had thought if he could make Yugi lose all his Star Chips, he would be disqualified before Pegasus could Duel him.
 Yami and his friends managed to convince Mokuba that they would help him and somehow find a way to beat Pegasus, whom Mokuba had heard was unbeatable. However, when Yugi and co. tried to find the boy, it was too late, as the boat with the losing duelists, the boy and  Weevil Underwood  included, already left. When Mokuba tried returning the Star Chips he stole from the boy to  Kemo , he threw them into the water and warned them exchanging Star Chips outside of a Duel was against the rules and could be punished with disqualification. So, Yami challenged Kemo to a Duel for the Star Chips Mokuba stole from Yami, however Kemo himself did not play games, so he arranged  Ghost Kaiba , as an opponent for Yami.
 
 Cards used 
 
 Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Krokodilus 
 Man-Eating Plant 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 14: " The Thief " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 15: " Messenger From Hell " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 8: " Everything's Relative " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/ff/Yami_Yugi_VS_Mokuba_Kaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170624163416']
Categories: Duelist Kingdom Duels