Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Aesir


 
 Aesir 
 極神 「 きょくしん 」  ( Kyokushin ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right, " Loki ", " Odin " and " Thor " (with Odin holding " Nordic Relic Gungnir " and wearing " Nordic Relic Draupnir ") towering over  Team Ragnarok . 
 
 
 Translation 
 Polar God 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Ases 
 
 
 German 
 Asen 
 
 
 Italian 
 Aesir 
 
 
 Korean 
 극신 極神   (Hanja)   Geuksin   (romanized) Translation:  Polar God 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Aesir 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Aesir 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Storm of Ragnarok 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Star Pack 2014 Legendary Hero Decks Soul Fusion 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Extra Pack Volume 4 LINK VRAINS Pack 2 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 The " Aesir ", also known as the " Polar Gods " ( 極 神   Kyokushin ), is a  trio  of three mysterious deity-like  Synchro Monsters  used by  Team Ragnarok  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . They are referred to as the " Three Polar Gods of the Star World " ( 星 界 の 三 極 神   Seikai no San Kyokushin ) in the Japanese anime, and as the " Nordic Gods "/" Polar Star Gods " in the dubbed version.
 In the anime, the "Aesir" monsters are  DIVINE   Divine-Beast  monsters, and are the only Synchro Monsters that are DIVINE Divine-Beasts in any medium. However, their  Attributes  and Types were changed once released into the  OCG / TCG : " Loki, Lord of the Aesir " was changed to a  DARK   Spellcaster , " Thor, Lord of the Aesir " became an  EARTH   Beast-Warrior , and " Odin, Father of the Aesir " is a  LIGHT   Fairy . Each member of  Team Ragnarok  possesses one of these cards.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   History 
 3   Powers 
 4   Playing style 
 5   References 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Monster 
 Supported archetype 
 Holder
 
 
 Odin, Father of the Aesir 
 Nordic Ascendant 
 Halldor 
 
 
 Thor, Lord of the Aesir 
 Nordic Beast 
 Dragan 
 
 
 Loki, Lord of the Aesir 
 Nordic Alfar 
 Broder 
 
 History 
 The three cards are named after the top three deities in the  Nordic  pantheon. The God-King  Odin , The God of Thunder  Thor , and the Giant treated as the God of trickery  Loki . In Norse mythology, these three deities are said to form part of a huge battle known as  Ragnarök  (meaning " Fate of the Gods " in  Old Norse ) in which they will die. They are identified as "Polar Gods" because the immediate prelude of Ragnarök is known as  Fimbulvetr  (commonly rendered "Fimbulwinter" in English, and meaning "great winter" in Old Norse), which is a time of three winters with snow coming from all directions without any summers between. During this time, there will be wars, brothers killing brothers and eventually all life on Earth will be destroyed. They can also be considered Polar Gods due to their association with Scandinavia and Nordic Countries (located within Scandinavia) which itself is located north extending to the Arctic Circle.
 In the anime, these cards were found in caves with tree roots surrounding their interior by the Duelists they blessed with the  Rune Eyes . The roots in these caves are probably an allusion to the world tree of Norse Mythology,  Yggdrasil .
 The name "Aesir" is essentially meant to be the term  Æsir , the term used to identify an entity from  Norse paganism , which includes all three of the Polar Gods' original deities. This is because the grapheme " Æ ", a  ligature , is formed from "A" and "E" - and in places where the grapheme is either difficult to use or otherwise unsuitable, the two-letter set "Ae" is often used as a replacement. (It is notable that this replacement would be improper for languages where "Æ" is an official letter; one such language is the language where the term "Æsir" comes from:  Danish ).
 
 Powers 
 The powers of these three rival that of the  Crimson Dragon : when " Thor " clashed with " Red Dragon Archfiend ", both emitted a strange energy pulse, wreaking havoc around the Dueling arena and drastically upsetting the weather outside the stadium. [1]  During Team Ragnarok's match against Team 5D's, the attacks of the Aesir dealt real damage to Jack and Crow.
 These cards also protected  Team Ragnarok  and their memories from the  Three Pure Nobles '  alterations  to the timeline. [2] 
 
 Playing style 
 A Double Aesir Deck is a Deck that revolves around two  Nordic  sub-archetypes;  Nordic Ascendant  and  Nordic Beast . It is one of the most commonly used deck that revolves around the  Nordic . The main goal is to summon  Odin, Father of the Aesir  and  Thor, Lord of the Aesir  to lock your opponent from using  Spell Card ,  Trap Card  or  Effect Monster 's effect and have at least 1 beatstick on the field. It is not actually recommended to use  Loki, Lord of the Aesir .
 One way to summon " Odin, Father of the Aesir " is to use the effect of " Valkyrie of the Nordic Ascendant " to summon two " Einherjar Tokens ", then  Synchro Summon  Odin. This can be done on the player's first turn if the right conditions are met. If your first turn is before your opponent's, or you choose not to use the effect of " Valkyrie of the Nordic Ascendant ", you can use 2 copies of " Statue of the Wicked " as substitutes for the  Synchro Material Monster  requirements.
 However, many Decks exclude "Valkyrie" due to the difficult conditions in using its effect, and the high potential hand loss if it is negated. Because of this, " Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant " is usually used, for versatile  Synchro Summoning , deck thinning, and its ability to help  Synchro Summon  both " Thor, Lord of the Aesir " and " Loki, Lord of the Aesir ". However, be advised that "Vanadis" can only be tuned with other "Nordic" monsters.
 There are many ways to summon  Thor, Lord of the Aesir  due to the powerful swarming effects of the  Nordic Beasts  and the  Beast  support cards. One way is to have your opponent attack your  Tanngrisnir of the Nordic Beasts  then you can summon two tokens and special  Tanngnjostr of the Nordic Beasts  with its effect in defense position. Next turn you can change the battle position of  Tanngnjostr of the Nordic Beasts  and search for the key  Tuner monster ,  Guldfaxe of the Nordic Beasts . Normal summon  Guldfaxe of the Nordic Beasts  and then tune it with two tokens to summon  Thor, Lord of the Aesir .
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Tyr of the Nordic Champions  (If you include Mara) 
 Mara of the Nordic Alfar  (If you include  Loki, Lord of the Aesir  and  Tyr of the Nordic Champions ) 
 Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant 
 Valkyrie of the Nordic Ascendant 
 Tanngnjostr of the Nordic Beasts 
 Tanngrisnir of the Nordic Beasts 
 Guldfaxe of the Nordic Beasts 
 Super-Nimble Mega Hamster 
 Chain Dog 
 Lock Cat 
 Key Mouse 
 Egotistical Ape Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mound of the Bound Creator 
 Foolish Burial 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Nordic Relic Hlidskjalf 
 Traps 
 Gleipnir, the Fetters of Fenrir 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 118: " A New Rival " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 117: " The Distorted Past " 
 
 
   
" Aesir " 「 極 神 」 Members 
 Loki, Lord of the Aesir Odin, Father of the Aesir Thor, Lord of the Aesir 
 Support 
 Alviss of the Nordic Alfar Fenrir the Nordic Wolf Gullveig of the Nordic Ascendant Jormungardr the Nordic Serpent Nordic Smith Ivaldi 
 Divine Relic Mjollnir Gotterdammerung March Towards Ragnarok Nordic Relic Draupnir Nordic Relic Gungnir Nordic Relic Hlidskjalf Nordic Relic Megingjord Nordic Relic Svalinn Odin's Eye Solemn Authority 
 Related 
 Vanadis of the Nordic Ascendant 
 The Golden Apples 
 
 v e 
 Aesir   極 神 a   Members 
 Loki, Lord of the Aesir Odin, Father of the Aesir Thor, Lord of the Aesir 
 Related 
 Dromi the Sacred Shackles Gjallarhorn Gleipnir, the Fetters of Fenrir Nordic Relic Mjollnir Odin's Eye Raging Sacred Curse Tyr of the Nordic Champions 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d0/The_Three_Polar_Gods.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120519173525']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s)