Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_025


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ウィルスデッキ・オペレーション 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Wirusu Dekki Operēshon 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Virus Deck Operation 
 
 
 English 
 Suture the Circuit 
 
 
 Number 
 025 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 1, 2017 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 24, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Writing Life " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Atsushi Maekawa 
 
 
 Director 
 Kimiharu Muto 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Masahiro Takada 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuya Kawamura Yuki Ushiro 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " 
 " Diagnosis: Deletion " 
 
 
 
 
 " Suture the Circuit ", known as" Virus Deck Operation " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 1, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on the same day. The English dub aired on Teletoon on November 24, 2018 on Pluto TV February 12, 2021.
 Skye  is aware of the battle between the  Knights of Hanoi  and  Playmaker 's group, but she doesn't know whether she should fight as Blue Angel or keep her promise to  Akira  and not go into  LINK VRAINS . However,  Emma  then appears before her. What is Skye's answer after her meeting with Emma?
 
 Summary 
 At  Café Nom ,  Kolter  and Yusaku see the news of  Kitamura 's failure to secure LINK VRAINS with his bots.  Ai  also appears to be cheerleading, although he quickly realizes that is a bad thing, as it means the  Knights of Hanoi  would be able to roam free. Yusaku tells Ai that he will stop them. Kolter says they have the other issue of freeing the victims of  The Deleted , and one of the Knights of Hanoi should have an antidote. Yusaku suggests double-checking the security footage. 
 Meanwhile,  Baira  and  Faust  return to Hanoi's base, having fulfilled their mission. Baira speaks up about her worries regarding  Dr. Kogami 's plan. She agrees with eliminating the  Ignis , but wonders if they are overdoing it, and risking  Varis  if they fail. Faust tells Baira not to worry, and focus on the mission. A short flashback appears to show Baira and Faust, or Clarissa and Aso outside of the virtual realm, in happy times together with a child. Faust repeats their mission: to destroy the Ignis and annihilate Cyberse World before proceeding with Dr. Kogami's plan. Faust notes Baira's failure in spreading a virus that has infected "everyone but Playmaker". However, he says that it may have been planned, for Playmaker would eventually come to them in order to find the cure. 
 The next morning, Kolter wakes Yusaku up. Kolter mentions that Yusaku lost the whole night to his search attempts, and offers to continue the job for Yusaku while he goes to school. Meanwhile, inside LINK VRAINS, a Knight of Hanoi corners an avatar shaped like a teddy bear. The teddy bear reveals himself to be  The Gore  in disguise. Later in the day, the plaza shows Gore's latest Speed Duel against another Knight of Hanoi. Several virtual reporters give their thoughts on the duel taking place, although both quickly change the subject to Playmaker and Blue Angel.  Emma Bessho  hears the reporting from inside a restaurant. At the end of the school day, three students are also watching LINK VRAINS, and wonder why Blue Angel is not involved. Skye passes the three students by and leaves the school grounds. She is still walking home when someone on a motorbike passes by and stops in front of her. Not recognizing the female biker who takes off her helmet and greets, Skye continues to walk ahead. But suddenly, the biker calls Skye by her virtual alias, and mentions the conversation she eavesdropped on. Skye finally recognizes the biker as Ghost Gal, who takes her to the riverside near  Den City  bridge to continue the conversation. 
 Emma notes that Skye hasn't logged into LINK VRAINS for a while. Skye responds, saying her brother forced her to stay away, and she concedes that her brother was right. Emma says that the Blue Angel she knew was a happy-go-lucky charm that never did favors for anyone else, and that Skye can do the same. Before Skye can respond, Emma simply says that no one has the right to decide anything for Emma either. Emma hints at the person responsible for putting Skye in a coma - the same person currently spreading the virus putting everyone else in a coma. But then again, Emma wonders out loud why she told Skye all this, and decides to leave, but not before disclosing the culprit's name as Baira.
 Meanwhile, Yusaku returns to Kolter at Café Nom, who continues to be stumped. Yusaku agrees to continue the search. Later at night, Skye slumps on her bed, furious that she was given a lecture earlier that day. She looks back at the device she last used to log in. Inside LINK VRAINS,  Pigeon  perches on a lamppost looking for  Frog . Frog calls out to Pigeon from the top of a building. Pigeon flies over to join Frog, who says that even though everyone else but the Knights of Hanoi have logged out, it's their duty as reporters to report from the frontline. But after Pigeon complains again and Frog yells for silence, suddenly, Pigeon hears a login attempt. Frog looks to where to login is taking place.
 Frog and Pigeon are shocked when they see that Baira has logged in. Baira asks where Playmaker is, and both Frog and Pigeon immediately deny. Baira doesn't accept the answer, so she prepares to delete Frog and Pigeon. But, a voice calls out to Baira. Frog, Pigeon and Baira see Blue Angel standing atop a nearby building. Blue Angel jumps down to confront Baira, saying that she was told she had been infected with a virus currently being spread. Baira claims that none of it could have happened if Blue Angel wasn't the first to receive their special treatment. Blue Angel retorts that it doesn't give Baira the right to hurt everyone else. Baira sneers at Blue Angel's youth, naivety and idealism, and says that what she's doing is for the greater good, because outside of the virtual realm, she's a doctor.
 Blue Angel says that Baira's doctorate should be revoked. She shoots down Baira's "give a little, get a lot" logic, saying that it doesn't take a medical student to know how flawed it is. Baira sees that Blue Angel doesn't intend to settle this with words; Blue Angel confirms, saying that it will be settled by their cards. Frog and Pigeon see what's about to happen, and Pigeon takes off to begin the worldwide exclusive broadcast, but not before Frog shouts him down again.
 Once Blue Angel and Baira get on their  D-Boards  and hover, the Den City plaza starts to attract visitors and the MC.  Akira Zaizen  is just about to leave his workplace when he hears the duel being broadcast on LINK VRAINS involving his sister.  Akira quickly looks at the laptop of his assistant  Risa Hayami , who was watching. Akira is disgusted, then embarrassed when Hayami praises Blue Angel and thinks her brother must be proud of her. But, Akira remembers telling Skye a few nights before, not to interfere with the Hanoi crisis. 
 Meanwhile, as the Den City crowd cheers on Blue Angel, Baira unleashes a Data Gale. Blue Angel appears to be terrified at the sudden gust, but then sees three LINK VRAINS entities cheering on her from above a bridge while cosplaying as her " Trickstar " monsters. The duel gets underway. During her first turn, Blue Angel brings out " Trickstar Holly Angel " to a cheer from the crowd, as well as a comment from the MC as  George Gore  watches with his own fans at his old orphanage. Before she ends her turn, Blue Angel thinks to herself that after Baira infected her with The Deleted, it felt like she was in a never-ending nightmare. She's therefore doing this for the other victims of The Deleted who are suffering the same way. 
 Before Baira starts her turn, she tells Blue Angel that she was prepared, because she knew Blue Angel would play " Trickstar Light Stage ". During her turn, after activating " Monster Restitch ", Baira moves ahead of Blue Angel to prepare the circuit for her  Link Monster  - " Dark Mummy Surgical Forceps ". "Surgical Forceps'" attack knocks Blue Angel off her D-Board, but Blue Angel quickly gets back on with her rope. This draws a comment from the MC, who is now clearly partial towards Blue Angel. At  SOL Technologies , Hayami also cheers on her boss's sister. Meanwhile, Kolter and Yusaku continue their research on The Deleted, and notice from one of the security cameras that someone in a car parked in a parking lot is being "deleted". But behind that car, someone is hiding. Yusaku wonders who it is.
 
 Featured Duel: Blue Angel vs. Baira 
         
 The Duel is conducted as a  Speed Duel .
 Turn 1: Blue Angel 
Blue Angel activates the  Field Spell Card  " Trickstar Light Stage ". Upon activation, she can add a " Trickstar " monster from her Deck to her hand. Blue Angel adds " Trickstar Lilybell ". As "Lilybell" was added to Blue Angel's hand using a method other than drawing, Blue Angel activates its effect, Special Summoning it (800/2000). Blue Angel Normal Summons " Trickstar Nightshade " (100/0). Blue Angel uses "Lilybell" and "Nightshade" to  Link Summon  " Trickstar Holly Angel " (2000/LINK-2/↙↘) to the  Extra Monster Zone . As "Nightshade" was used as a Link Material for the Link Summon of a "Trickstar" monster, Blue Angel activates its effect, Special Summoning it from the  Graveyard . She Special Summons it to the bottom-left Link Point of "Holly Angel" (100/0). As a "Trickstar" monster was Normal or Special Summoned to a zone "Holly Angel"  points to , its effect activates, inflicting 200 damage to Baira (Baira: 4000 → 3800  LP ). As a "Trickstar" monster inflicted battle or effect damage, "Light Stage" inflicts an additional 200 damage to Baira (Baira: 3800 → 3600 LP). Blue Angel  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Baira 
As there is a Field Spell Card present on the field,  Baira  activates the effect of " Dark Mummy Probe " in her hand, Special Summoning it (700/0), then destroying a Field Spell Card. She destroys "Light Stage". Baira then Normal Summons another "Probe". Baira Sets a card, before activating the Continuous Spell Card " Temple of the Kings ", which allows her to activate a Trap Card the turn it was Set once per turn. She can also send it and a " Mystical Beast of Serket " to the GY to Special Summon a monster from her hand or Deck or a Fusion Monster from her Extra Deck. Baira activates her face-down Trap Card " Current Corruption Virus ‎", Tributing a  DARK  monster with 0 DEF to negate the effects of all monsters Blue Angel controls with 2000 or less DEF and reduce their ATK to 0 for the next three turns, while also preventing Blue Angel from activating Monster effects from her hand. She Tributes a "Probe" ("Nightshade": 100 → 0 ATK). Link Monsters do not have DEF, hence "Holly Angel" is unaffected by the effect of "Current Corruption Virus‎". Baira activates the Quick-Play Spell Card " Monster Restitch ", Tributing a "Dark Mummy" monster she controls to Special Summon 3 "Dark Mummy Tokens". She Tributes her other "Probe". Baira uses the 3 "Dark Mummy Tokens" to Link Summon " Dark Mummy Surgical Forceps " (2400/LINK-3/↙↑→) to the Extra Monster Zone.
 "Surgical Forceps" attacks "Holly Angel", but Blue Angel activates the Continuous Trap Card " Trickstar Perennial ", sending a "Trickstar" monster to the Graveyard to prevent the destruction of a "Trickstar" monster by battle until the end of this turn. She sends "Nightshade" to the Graveyard to prevent "Holly Angel" from being destroyed by battle. The attack continues (Blue Angel: 4000 → 3600 LP).
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Blue Angel (Skye Zaizen) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Trickstar Lilybell 
 Trickstar Nightshade Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Trickstar Holly Angel Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Trickstar Light Stage 
 Traps 
 Trickstar Perennial 
 
 Baira (Clarissa Turner) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Mummy Probe  x2 Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Dark Mummy Surgical Forceps Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Monster Restitch 
 Temple of the Kings 
 Traps 
 Current Corruption Virus‎ 
 
 The Gore (George Gore) Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Gouki the Great Ogre 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Link into the VRAINS " #002 " Seize the Wind! " #003 " Contact " #004 " Pain and Gain " #005 " Down for the Count " #006 " True Blue " #007 " Fallen Angel " #008 " A Storm is Coming " #009 " Malicious Mayhem " #010 " Eye of the Storm " #011 " Neutralized " #012 " Link the Circuit " #013 " Playback " #014 " An Invitation " #015 " Camouflaged Chaos " #016 " Hack Attack " #017 " Blue's Back! " #018 " Dueling for Answers " #019 " The Lost Incident " #020 " A Piece of the Puzzle " #021 " Story Time " #022 " The Deleted " #023 " A Grim Tale " #024 " To Gore Or Not To Gore " #025 " Suture the Circuit " #026 " Diagnosis: Deletion " #027 " The Brave Battler " #028 " Bugging Out " #029 " Kolter's Khronicles " #030 " Under VRAINS " #031 " Showdown in the Sewers " #032 " Tower of Hanoi " #033 " Once Upon a Time " #034 " Roots of Evil " #035 " The Hollow " #036 " A Bridge Too Far " #037 " Out on a Limb " #038 " Looking Back " #039 " Ring the Bell " #040 " Gore at War " #041 " Truth and Consequences " #042 " Storm Access " #043 " The Reveal " #044 " Illusion of Hope " #045 " Standing Tall " #046 " Link to the Future " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Vrains_025.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171101122032', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8e/Blue_Angel_VS_Baira.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20171101114954']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes