Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_118


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 118 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 無 謀 な 提 案 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Mubō na Teian 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Reckless Proposal 
 
 
 English 
 Alone Together 
 
 
 Number 
 118 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 11, 2019 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 9, 2021 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " calling " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Are you ready? " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Yoshida Shin 
 
 
 Director 
 Takahashi Masakazu 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Ishiguro Tatsuya 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Kaneko Yuji 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Forced Hands " 
 " A Losing Battle " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 " Alone Together ", known as " Reckless Proposal " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundredth-and-eighteenth episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on September 11, 2019. It aired in English on 9Go! on September 9, 2021.
 Playmaker  barely manages to fend off  Ai 's attacks. Having found an opening, Playmaker attempts to launch an attack against Ai. However, Ai knows Playmaker inside and out, and can predict everything he will do. Ai then unites the feelings of all the  Ignises , and brings about the advent of the ultimate  Cyberse  monster.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. Ai 
 2   Featured cards 
 3   Errors 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. Ai 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: Playmaker 
 Playmaker  draws and  activates  the Spell " Cynet Closure ", to  banishing  a card from his Deck face-down, also when his Cyberse  Link Monster  destroys Ai's  Link Monster  by  battle , that card is returned to the  GY . Playmaker  Normal Summons  " Flame Bufferlo " (1400/200), and then activates the effect of " Cynet Optimization " to Normal Summon " Formud Skipper " (0/0). Playmaker uses " Flame Bufferlo " and "Formud Skipper" to Link Summon " Cyberse Witch " (800/LINK-2/↙↓) to the  Extra Monster Zone .
 As "Formud Skipper" was sent to the GY as  Link Material , Playmaker adding a Level 5 or higher Cyberse monster ( Degrade Buster ) from his Deck to his hand. As the face-up "Flame Bufferlo" left the field, Playmaker activates its effect, discarding a  Cyberse  monster (" Dotscaper ") to draw 2 cards. As "Dotscaper" was sent to the GY, Playmaker activates its effect to  Special Summon  itself (0/2100) in Defense Position to a zone a Link Monster points to via its own effect. As a monster was Special Summoned to a zone "Cyberse Witch" points to, Playmaker   banishes  "Cynet Closure" (a  Spell ) from his GY to add " Cynet Ritual " and a  Cyberse   Ritual Monster  from his Deck to his hand. He banishes "Cynet Closure" and adds "Cynet Ritual" and "Cyberse Magician" to his hand. Playmaker Special Summon "Degrade Buster" (2500/2500) from his hand by banishes two Cyberse monsters (" Garbage Collector " and "Flame Bufferlo") from his GY, via its own effect in Attack Position.
 Playmaker activates the Ritual Spell " Cynet Ritual ", tributing the  Level  7 "Degrade Buster" to Ritual Summon " Cyberse Magician " (2500/2000) in  Attack Position . The second effect of "Cyberse Witch" activates, summoning "Clock Wyvern" (a Level 4 Cyberse monster). Its effect halve its own ATK ("Clock Wyvern": 1800 → 900/1000) to Special Summon a " Clock Token " (0/0). Then, the effect of " Sea Archiver " Special Summons itself from the GY due to its own effect.
 Playmaker uses "Cyberse Witch" and a "Clock Token" to Link Summon " Clock Spartoi " (800/LINK-2/↓↘) to the  Extra Monster Zone . Its Link Summoned effect lets Playmaker add " Cynet Fusion " to his hand. Playmaker uses " Sea Archiver ", "Clock Wyvern" and " Dotscaper " to Link Summon " Transcode Talker " (2300/LINK-3/↑→↓). While "Transcode Talker" is  co-linked , it and its co-linked monsters gain 500 ATK, also  Ai  cannot target any of them with  card effects  ("Transcode": 2300 → 2800 ATK) ("Clock Spartoi": 800 → 1300 ATK). The effect of "Clock Spartoi" allows him to summon " Clock Wyvern " from his  GY . Then, Playmaker activates the  effect  of "Transcode Talker" to Special Summon " Decode Talker " (a  LINK-3  or lower monster in his GY)  to a zone " Transcode Talker " points to. Playmaker activates the Spell " Cynet Fusion " to  fuse "Clock Wyvern", "Decode Talker" and "Clock Spartoi" to Fusion Summon " Cyberse Clock Dragon " (2500/2000). ("Transcode Talker": 2800 → 2300 ATK). "Clock Dragon"'s effect allows him to send, equal to the total  Link Rating  used for its fusion summon, cards to his  GY  from the top of his deck and gaining 1000 ATK for each. " Bitrooper ", " Limit Code ", " Cynet Backdoor ", " Cynet Universe " and " Overfloater " is sent to the GY ("Cyberse Clock Dragon": 2500 → 7500 ATK).
 "Cyberse Clock Dragon" attacks " Fire Phoenix @Ignister ", but as Playmaker's monster declared an attack, Ai activates his Set Trap " A.I.'s Show ", targeting the attacking monster and Special Summoning any number of Cyberse monsters with 2300 ATK from his Extra Deck, whose total ATK is less than or equal to the targeted monster's ATK to his zones a Link Monster points to, then he ends the Battle Phase. He Special Summons " Earth Golem @Ignister " (2300/2000), " Wind Pegasus @Ignister " (2300/1500) and " Light Dragon @Ignister " (2300/1500) and ending the Battle Phase.
 Turn 4: Ai 
Ai activates the Spell " A.I. Contact ", shuffling " Ignister A.I.Land " from his hand into his deck from his hand to  draw  3 cards.. The effect of "Wind Pegasus" activates, destroying a  Spell / Trap  for every @Ignister monster he controls, so " Code Hack " and " Cynet Optimization " are destroyed. Ai  Normal Summons  " Hiyari @Ignister ", then activates its effect to tribute " Fire Phoenix @Ignister  (an @Ignister Link monster)" to add " A.I.'s Ritual " to hand and an @Ignister Ritual Monster to his hand, while increasing its Level by 3 (the  Link Rating  of "Phoenix").
 Ai activates the Ritual Spell " A.I.'s Ritual ". Tributing the now Level 4 "Hiyari" and banishing the Level 4 "Pikari" from his GY (as another WATER monster was tributed) to Ritual Summon the Level 7 " Water Leviathan @Ignister ". "Water Leviathan" was Ritual Summoned, its effect is activated: returning to the hand all monsters Playmaker controls whose original ATK are 2300 or less, so " Transcode Talker " is returned to Playmaker's Extra Deck.
 "Water Leviathan" attacks "Cyberse Magician". with its effect halves that monster's ATK during damage calculation only ("Cyberse Magician": 2500 → 1250 ATK). The effect of "Cyberse Magician" halves any damage Playmaker takes. The attack continues and "Cyberse Magician" is destroyed (Playmaker: 4000 → 3475 LP). as another "@Ignister" monster inflicted battle damage to Playmaker, Ai activates the effect of "Light Dragon", targeting an "@Ignister" Link Monster in his GY and Special Summoning it. He targets and Special Summons "Fire Phoenix" (2300/LINK-3/←↓→) to the zone "Judgment Arrows" points to. "Fire Phoenix @Ignister" attacks "Clock Dragon". as opponent's monster declared an attack while he controls more monsters than Playmaker does, Playmaker activates the effect of "Overfloater" in his GY: by banishing it then targeting that attacking monster to negate the effects of all monsters Ai controls with original ATK less than or equal to the targeted monster's original ATK. He targets 2300 ATK "Fire Phoenix" and negates the effects of all monsters Ai controls. If a Link Monster "Judgment Arrows points to battles, its ATK is doubled during damage calculation only ("Fire Phoenix": 2300 → 4600 ATK). The attack continues and "Fire Phoenix" is destroyed (Ai: 4000 → 1100 LP). Ai activates the Spell "FA.I.ghting Spirit": targeting an "@Ignister" monster in his GY and Special Summoning it, but its effects are negated. He targets and Special Summons "Fire Phoenix".
 Ai uses the FIRE "Fire Phoenix", the WATER "Water Leviathan", the EARTH "Earth Golem", the WIND "Wind Pegasus", the LIGHT "Light Dragon" and the DARK "Dark Templar @Ignister" to Link Summon " The Arrival Cyberse @Ignister " (?/LINK-6/↑←↙↓↘→) to the zone "Judgment Arrows" points to. "Arrival Cyberse"'s original ATK become 1000 X the number of Link Materials used for its Link Summon (in this a case: 6) ("Arrival Cyberse": ? → 6000 ATK). The effect of "The Arrival Cyberse" increases its ATK by 1000 for each card Ai controls (in this a case: 4- "Ignister A.I.Land", "Judgment Arrows", " CompromA.I.se " and itself) ("Arrival Cyberse": 6000 → 10000 ATK). Ai activates the effect of "The Arrival Cyberse", Once per turn: he placing a counter on it ("Arrival Cyberse": 0 → 1 counter). Ai activates the effect of "Arrival Cyberse": targeting a monster on the field and destroying it, then Special Summoning an "@Ignister Token" to his zone "Arrival Cyberse" points to. He targets and destroys "Clock Dragon" then Special Summons an "@Ignister Token" (???/0) in Defense Position ("Arrival Cyberse": 10000 → 11000 ATK). as the Fusion Summoned "Clock Dragon" Playmaker controls was sent to his GY by Ai's card effect, Playmaker can adding a Spell from his Deck to his hand. [Notes 1]  Ai uses the "@Ignister Token" to Link Summon " Darkwight @Ignister " (0/LINK-1/↓) to the Extra Monster Zone. The effect of "Darkwight" prevents Playmaker's monsters from targeting the linked "Darkwight" for attacks.
 Turn 5: Playmaker 
Playmaker Normal Summons "Cyberse Gadget" (1400/300). as "Cyberse Gadget" was Normal Summoned, Playmaker can targeting a Level 2 or lower monster in his GY and Special Summoning it in Defense Position, but its effects are negated. Playmaker Special Summons the "Formud Skipper" (0/0) in Defense Position. Playmaker uses "Cyberse Gadget" and "Formud Skipper" to Link Summon "Cyberse Wicckid" (800/LINK-2/↓↘) to the Extra Monster Zone. as "Formud Skipper" was sent to the GY as Link Material, Playmaker activates its effect: adding a Level 5 or higher Cyberse monster from his Deck to his hand. He adds an unknown card.
 As "Cyberse Gadget" was sent from the field to the GY, Playmaker activates its effect: Special Summoning a "Gadget Token" (0/0) in Defense Position to a zone "Cyberse Wicckid" points to. as a monster was Special Summoned to a zone "Cyberse Wicckid" points to, Playmaker activates its effect: banishing a Cyberse monster from his GY to add a Cyberse Tuner from his Deck to his hand. He banishes "Dotscaper" to add "Cyberse Synchron" from his Deck to his hand. As "Dotscaper" was banished, Playmaker activates its effect: Special Summoning it in Defense Position (0/2100). Playmaker uses "Cyberse Wicckid" and "Dotscaper" to Link Summon "Exslayer" (1000/LINK-2/↙↓) to the Extra Monster Zone.
 As Playmaker Link Summoned, he activates the effect of "Parallel eXceed" to Special Summoning itself (2000/2000) from his hand in Defense Position to his zone that Link Monster points to. as "Parallel eXceed" was Special Summoned by the effect of "Parallel eXceed": its Level becomes 4 and its original ATK/DEF become halved ("Parallel eXceed": LV8 → 4, 2000/2000 → 1000/1000). also when "Parallel eXceed" was Normal or Special Summoned, Playmaker can Special Summoning another copy of "Parallel eXceed" from his Deck in Defense Position (Level 8 → 4, 2000/2000 → 1000/1000).
 Playmaker overlays the two copies of the Level 4 "Parallel eXceed" to Xyz Summon "Firewall eXceed Dragon" (2500/2000, 2 ORU) to the zone "Exslayer" points to. "Firewall eXceed Dragon" increases 500 ATK X the total Link Rating of Link Monsters linked to this card ("Firewall eXceed Dragon": 2500 → 3500 ATK). as a monster was Xyz Summoned to a zone "Exslayer" points to, Playmaker activates its effect: Tributing a monster to Special Summon a Level 4 or lower monster from his hand. He Tributes a "Gadget Token" to Special Summon "Widget Kid" (1500/900) from his hand. as "Widget Kid" was Normal or Special Summoned, Playmaker can Special Summoning a Cyberse monster from his hand in Defense Position. He Special Summons "Cyberse Synchron" (100/100) from his hand in Defense Position. Playmaker activates its effect, targeting a Level 4 or lower monster he control and increasing its Level by its original Level until the end of this turn. He targets "Widget Kid" ("Widget Kid": Level 3 → 6). Playmaker tunes the Level 1 Tuner "Cyberse Synchron" with the Level 6 "Widget Kid" to Synchro Summon the Level 7 "Cyberse Quantum Dragon" (2500/2000) to the zone "Exslayer" points to.
 "Cyberse Quantum Dragon" attacks "The Arrival Cyberse". At the start of the Damage Step, when "Cyberse Quantum Dragon" is battling Ai's monster, its effect activates, returning Ai's monster to the hand and also, "Cyberse Quantum Dragon" can make a second attack in a row. While "The Arrival Cyberse" has a counter, it unaffected by other cards' effects.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yusaku Fujiki (Playmaker) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Bitrooper 
 Clock Wyvern 
 Cyberse Gadget 
 Degrade Buster 
 Dotscaper 
 Flame Bufferlo 
 Formud Skipper 
 Garbage Collector 
 Overfloater 
 Parallel eXceed  x2 
 Sea Archiver 
 Widget Kid 
 Tuner monsters 
 Cyberse Synchron 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyberse Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyberse Clock Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Cyberse Quantum Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Firewall eXceed Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Clock Spartoi 
 Cyberse Wicckid 
 Cyberse Witch 
 Decode Talker 
 Exslayer 
 Transcode Talker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cynet Backdoor 
 Cynet Closure 
 Cynet Fusion 
 Cynet Optimization 
 Cynet Ritual 
 Cynet Universe 
 Traps 
 Code Hack 
 Limit Code 
 
 Ai Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hiyari @Ignister 
 Pikari @Ignister 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Water Leviathan @Ignister Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Earth Golem @Ignister 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Wind Pegasus @Ignister 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Light Dragon @Ignister 
 Link Monsters 
 The Arrival Cyberse @Ignister 
 Dark Templar @Ignister 
 Darkwight @Ignister 
 Fire Phoenix @Ignister Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A.I. Contact 
 A.I.'s Ritual 
 CompromA.I.se 
 FA.I.ghting Spirit 
 Ignister A.I.Land  x2 
 Judgment Arrows 
 Traps 
 A.I.'s Show 
 Errors 
 When Playmaker activates "Cynet Ritual", the stripe on his suit does not light up. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   Through process of elimination, the card Playmaker adds is " Link Pressure ", which is revealed in the next episode. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 3 episodes 
 #104 " Your Reign is Over " #105 " Unlikely Alliance " #106 " Roboppi Mops Up " #107 " Cleaning House " #108 " Smash and Mash " #109 " Al vs Ai " #110 " Siblings and Circuits " #111 " Stronger Together " #112 " All Hail Roboppi! " #113 " Roboppi's World " #114 " The Chosen One " #115 " Unfinished Business " #116 " Stuck in the Past " #117 " Forced Hands " #118 " Alone Together " #119 " A Losing Battle " #120 " Journey's End " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c4/Vrains_118.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190911151004']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes