Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Money_and_Knife


 
 Money and Knife 
 
 
 
 
 Money and Knife 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Money and Knife 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Ｍｏｎｅｙ   ａｎｄ   Ｋｎｉｆｅ 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Manē ando Naifu 
 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Ushio 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Penalty Game 
 Greed, Illusion of Avarice 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Chapters 
 1:  " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 
 
 Money and Knife [1]  was a  Shadow Game  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  that  Dark Yugi  and  Ushio  played to distribute the money for Ushio's self-imposed bodyguard fees.
 The players picked bank notes off their own hand by stabbing the money with a knife. Egyptians are also shown playing this game in the prologue.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Other versions 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior events 
 The hall monitor,  Ushio , suspected that  Yugi Mutou  was being bullied by  Katsuya Jonouchi  and  Hiroto Honda  and confronted Yugi about it. Although, Yugi was being picked on by Jonouchi and Honda, he told Ushio otherwise. Ushio wasn't convinced, believing that victims often defend their attackers and assigned himself the position of Yugi's bodyguard.
 The next day, Ushio proceeded to beat up Jonouchi and Honda and then showed Yugi what he had done. Yugi insisted that he didn't want this, but Ushio continued to attack them. Yugi tried to stop him, saying that Jonouchi and Honda were his friends. However Ushio laughed at this and demanded a bodyguard fee of ¥200,000. He interpreted Yugi's reaction as Yugi not being satisfied and kicked Jonouchi and Honda some more. Yugi tried to stop him, only to get beaten-up himself too. Before leaving, Ushio threatened with a knife, should he not pay.
 That night, as Yugi thought about how he was going to handle Ushio's fee, he found himself working on the  Millennium Puzzle , something he had been unable to solve for eight years. However he was able to put it together with ease this time, until there was only one piece left, which turned out to be missing. He informed his grandfather,  Sugoroku , of what had happened. Sugoroku then gave Yugi the final piece, which Jonouchi had anonymously returned having stolen and disposed of it earlier.
 Yugi proceeded to complete the Millennium Puzzle, causing his body to host the soul of  Dark Yugi .
 
 The game 
 Dark Yugi confronted Ushio at a vaulting horse at  school  and brought twice the money Ushio had demanded. He suggested that they play a game to see who gets it. He checked that Ushio still has his knife and explained the rules:
 
 Each player takes turns putting the money on top of their hand and stabbing through the money with the knife. 
 Each turn, a player must take more than one bill. 
 The game continues until the money is gone, and the players then keep any of the money they stabbed. 
 If a player stabs their hand, they lose the game and forfeit their winnings. 
 The two continued to play the game. After a few turns, Ushio's hand began to tremble. Dark Yugi explained that it was now controlled by his greed and asked would he sacrifice his hand to get more money. However Ushio said there was a way to get all the money with one stab without hurting his hand and lunged at Dark Yugi with the knife. However Dark Yugi dodged the attack and inflicted the Illusion of Avarice,  Penalty Game  on Ushio for cheating.
 
 Aftermath 
 Due to his Penalty Game, Ushio believed that litter and leaves were money and played around in them all night. The next day students stared at him, wondering what he was doing.
 Yugi had no memory of what happened the night before after completing the Millennium Puzzle. As he celebrated finishing it, he bumped into Jonouchi in the hallway. Jonouchi answered Yugi's " something you can show, but can't see " riddle, saying it is friendship and thanked Yugi for showing him that they are friends.
 
 Other versions 
 In the  Toei anime ,  Dark Yugi  and  Ushio  played a  different  Shadow Game, where they climbed a dome by turning over playing cards to dictate the number of steps they were to take. [2] 
 The  NAS anime  shows flashbacks of to  Yugi  sticking up for  Jonouchi  and  Honda  while they were being beaten up by Ushio, but there is no mention of the Shadow Game. [3] 
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 1: " The Violent Battle - A Game of Darkness " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 3: " Journey to the Duelist Kingdom " 
 
 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/95/YGO-001_Shadow_Game.png/revision/latest?cb=20160427203627']
Categories: Shadow Games