Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_098


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 098 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ついに 発動 ！ 究極 のＤのカード 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tsuini Hatsudō! Kyūkyoku no Dī no Kādo 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Finally Activated! The Ultimate D-Card 
 
 
 English 
 Ultimate Destiny 
 
 
 Number 
 098 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 16, 2006 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 February 14, 2007 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Tea Sun In 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 [[Destiny Hero - Plasma|]] 
 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Dark Light " 
 " The Key Factor " 
 
 
 
 
 " Ultimate Destiny ", known as " Finally Activated! The Ultimate D-Card " in the Japanese version, is the ninety-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 Aster Phoenix  discovers the awful truth about the murder of his father and the theft of the "Ultimate Destiny" card: the culprit behind both incidents is his current guardian,  The D  (who is another vessel possessed by  The Light of Destruction ).
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Aster Phoenix vs. The D 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Mistakes in the English dub 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Aster Phoenix  confronts his guardian,  The D  and asks if he won his duel with  Doctor Collector . The D responds that of course, he did. When asked why he called Aster here, The D reveals his sinister past. After seeing a new card design made by Aster's father, he sneaked into his apartment that night and attempted to steal the card. However, the card had been tainted by  The Light of Destruction , and The D kills (kidnaps in the dubbed version) Aster's father. He used " Destiny Hero - Plasma " to become the champion of the  Pro League  and hold his title for ten years. Though he couldn't use the card in official matches, the powers of  The Light of Destruction  aided his victories in other ways. In underground duels, he steals the souls of countless duelists using the card.
 With his past revealed, Aster wishes to avenge his father, and he begins his duel with The D. Aster summons " Destiny Hero - Dogma " on his first turn, but The D counters with "Destiny Hero - Plasma" and " D - Force ", which forms a nearly unstoppable combo that renders "Plasma" virtually untouchable. Aster eventually uses " Destiny Hero - Dark Angel " to seal the effect of " D - Force ", after realizing that his father must have created it specifically to counter "Destiny Hero - Plasma".
 When Aster is about to destroy "Plasma", The D reveals that the soul of Aster's father is trapped within the card. Aster's father speaks to him, and says he apologizes for creating such a powerful card. When he began to create it, he heard the voice of The Light of Destruction, and was unable to stop himself from finishing. He stated it was similar to what happened when  Maximillion Pegasus  created the  Egyptian God  cards. He states that the  The Light of Destruction  that possesses the The D is merely a husk; the real Light of Destruction exists inside of  Sartorius . He urges Aster to attack and destroy "Plasma". Aster attacks and his father says good-bye to him before the destruction of "Plasma", which leaves Aster overwhelmed with sadness and guilt.
 As The D drops his cards, The Light of Destruction escapes from "Plasma" and explodes, setting the ship ablaze, killing The D (In the dubbed version this isn't specified, and The D simply swears that he will have his revenge). The card Destiny Hero Plasma flies towards Aster and he quickly takes it. He sadly looks at the card and says goodbye to his dad since he will never see him again. Aster rushes out to the Deck and is saved via helicopter by  Chancellor Sheppard  before the ship explodes.
 
 Featured Duel: Aster Phoenix vs. The D 
 Turn 1: Aster 
 Aster  draws " Destiny Draw " and subsequently activates it to  discard  " Destiny Hero - Malicious " and  draw two cards  (one of which is "D - Spirit"). Aster then activates " D - Spirit " to Special Summon " Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude " (1400/1600) in Attack Position since he controls no "Destiny Hero" monsters. Aster then activates the effect of "Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude" to reveal the top card of his Deck. If that card is a Normal Spell Card, it will be sent to the Graveyard, and Aster can activate its effect on his next turn's Main Phase. Aster reveals " Pot of Greed ", so it is sent to the Graveyard.
 Aster then activates " Over Destiny " to target the "Destiny Hero - Malicious" in his  Graveyard  and Special Summon " Captain Tenacious " (800/800) in Attack Position (as the Level of "Captain Tenacious" is at most 3, which is half the Level of "Destiny HERO - Malicious"). Aster then  removes from play  "Destiny Hero - Malicious" from his  Graveyard  via its own effect in order to Special Summon another "Malicious" (800/800) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. 
 Aster then Tributes his three  Destiny Heroes  in order to  Special Summon  " Destiny Hero - Dogma " (3400/2400) in Attack Position. Aster then  Sets  a card. He then activates " Clock Tower Prison ". Now, during each of the D's  Standby Phases , " Clock Tower Prison " will gain a  Clock Counter . If four or more  Clock Counters  are on "Clock Tower Prison", all  Battle Damage  to Aster will be reduced to 0. If "Clock Tower Prison" is destroyed while it has at least four Clock Counters on it, Aster can Special Summon " Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster " from his hand or Deck.
 Turn 2: The D 
 The D  draws. On the D's  Standby Phase , the effect of "Dogma" activates, halving the D's  Life Points  (The D 4000 → 2000). At the same time, "Clock Tower Prison" gains a  Clock Counter . The D then activates " Claret Note " to add up the total number of Levels of each monster Aster controls in order to Special Summon one " Plasma Token " for each four Levels determined by this effect. Since "Destiny Hero - Dogma" is a Level 8 monster, "Claret Note"  Special Summons  two "Plasma Tokens" (0/0 each) in Attack Position. The D then activates " Fiend's Sanctuary " to Special Summon a " Metal Fiend Token " (0/0) in Attack Position. 
 The D then Tributes his three tokens in order to Special Summon " Destiny Hero - Plasma " (1900/600) in Attack Position. The D then activates the effect of "Plasma" to equip itself with Aster's "Destiny HERO - Dogma", increase its ATK by half the ATK of "Dogma", and gain any effects that "Dogma" has ("Plasma": 1900 → 3600). "Plasma"  attacks directly  (Aster 4000 → 400). 
 The D then activates " D - Force " and places it  face-up  on top of his Deck. While "D - Force" is the top card of the D's Deck, the D cannot conduct his  normal draw  during his  Draw Phase , but in exchange, "Destiny Hero - Plasma" cannot be affected by the  effects  of Aster's  Spells  and  Traps  and the effects of Aster's face-up  monsters  are negated. The D then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 3: Aster 
Aster draws. On Aster's  Standby Phase , the effect "Plasma" gained from "Dogma" activates (Aster 400 → 200). Through the effect of "Diamond Dude", Aster activates the effect of "Pot of Greed" from his  Graveyard  to  draw two cards  (one of which is " Destiny Hero - Doom Lord ").
 Aster then Normal Summons "Destiny Hero - Doom Lord" (600/800) in  Defense Position . He then activates the effect of "Doom Lord" to  remove  "Plasma" from play for two turns, but it doesn't work as "Plasma" negates the  effects  of Aster's face-up  Effect Monsters  while "D - Force" is the D's top card.
 Turn 4: The D 
Due to "D - Force", the D skips his Draw Phase. The D then activates his face-down " D - Boost " to  draw two cards  under his  face-up  " D - Force ". On the D's Standby Phase, "Clock Tower Prison" gains a second Clock Counter. The D then activates " Drain Time " and declares " Standby Phase " for its effect. Now Aster and the D must skip the declared Phase on their next turn. "Destiny Hero - Plasma" attacks "Doom Lord", but Aster activates his face-down " D - Counter " to destroy "Plasma", however it doesn't work as "Plasma" is unaffected by Aster's Spells and Traps while "D - Force" is the D's top card. "Plasma" destroys "Doom Lord". The D then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 5: Aster 
Aster draws. Due to "Drain Time", Aster's Standby Phase is skipped. Aster then  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 6: The D 
Due to "D - Force", the D skips his Draw Phase. Due to "Drain Time",  The D  skips his  Standby Phase . "Destiny Hero - Plasma" attacks directly.  The D  then activates his face-down " Dust Tornado " to destroy Aster's "Clock Tower Prison", but Aster  chains  his face-down " Eternal Dread " and his face-down " Greed Pact " to the activation of "Dust Tornado". The effects of the three activated cards resolve in reverse order. "Greed Pact"  resolves  first and lets Aster and  The D  both  draw a card . This makes the D draw "D - Force". "Eternal Dread" resolves next and adds two Clock Counters to "Clock Tower Prison", giving it a total of four Clock Counters. "Dust Tornado" resolves last and destroys "Clock Tower Prison", which enables Aster to  Special Summon  "Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster" (?/?) in  Defense Position . 
 Aster then activates the first effect of "Dreadmaster" to revive "Diamond Dude" (1400/1600) and "Captain Tenacious" (800/800) in Defense Position. Due to the last effect of "Dreadmaster", its  original ATK and DEF  are equal to the total  ATK  of all other " Destiny Hero " monsters that Aster controls ("Dreadmaster": ? → 2200/? → 2200).
 The D then re-activates "D - Force" and places it face-up on the top of his Deck. The D then activates " Unfair Judge " to pay 800 Life Points (The D 2000 → 1200) and select "Plasma" in order to conduct another Battle Phase this turn and allow "Plasma" to attack every monster Aster controls once each. "Plasma" attacks and destroys all three of Aster's monsters.
 Turn 7: Aster 
Aster draws " Destiny Hero - Dark Angel ".  On Aster's  Standby Phase , the effect "Plasma" gained from "Dogma" activates (Aster 200 → 100). Aster then discards "Destiny Hero - Dark Angel" from his hand via its own effect in order to place it on the top of the D's  Deck . Aster then activates " Dark City ". Now when a Destiny Hero attacks a monster that has more ATK than it, the attacking monster will gain 1000 ATK during damage calculation only. Aster then Normal Summons " Destiny Hero - Celestial " (1600/1400) in  Attack Position . 
 "Celestial" attacks "Plasma". Aster then activates the effect of "Celestial", destroying "Dogma" ("Plasma": 3600 → 1900/600) and inflicting 500 damage to the D (The D 1200 → 700). The effect of "Dark City" activates ("Celestial": 1600 → 2600/1400). Before "Celestial" is able to strike the final blow, Aster suddenly sees that "Destiny Hero - Plasma" has trapped his father's soul within itself, along with the souls of other Duelists that  The D  has defeated. Aster's father informs him that he and  The D  were under the control of  the Light of Destruction  when "Plasma" was created. Aster is hesitant to destroy "Plasma" on this note, but his father encourages him to do so, as a larger part of  the Light of Destruction  is possessing  Sartorius , and using him in its attempt to destroy the world. Aster's resolve returns with this encouragement and "Destiny Hero - Celestial" continues its  attack , destroying "Destiny Hero - Plasma" (The D 700 → 0).
 
 Trivia 
 This episode marks one of the rare times where a duelist activates Pot of Greed without explaining its effect. 
 Mistakes in the English dub 
 When Aster Summons  Defense Position  monsters, the " ATK " icon is shown instead of " DEF ". 
 Before Aster Summoned " Dogma ", he'd said, "I'll sacrifice them both..." when he'd actually had 3 monsters on the field (" Diamond Dude ", " Captain Tenacious ", and " Malicious "). 
 When  The D  attacked " Doom Lord " with " Plasma ", he ordered it to attack  Aster  directly. 
 When Aster explains what happened when The D played " Dust Tornado " and he played " Eternal Dread " and " Greed Pact ", he says that " Dreadmaster " stepped in to protect " Clock Tower Prison " with his "invincible barrier" when it was actually summoned due to the prison's destruction and due to The D playing " D - Force " again afterward, the "invincible barrier" effect never came into play. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Aster Phoenix Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny Hero - Captain Tenacious 
 Destiny Hero - Celestial 
 Destiny Hero - Dark Angel 
 Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude 
 Destiny Hero - Dogma 
 Destiny Hero - Doom Lord 
 Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster 
 Destiny Hero - Malicious  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Clock Tower Prison 
 D - Spirit 
 Dark City 
 Destiny Draw 
 Over Destiny 
 Pot of Greed 
 Traps 
 D - Counter 
 Eternal Dread 
 Greed Pact 
 
 The D Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny Hero - Plasma Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Claret Note 
 D - Force 
 Drain Time 
 Fiend's Sanctuary 
 Unfair Judge 
 Traps 
 D - Boost 
 Dust Tornado 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny Hero - Dark Angel 
 Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster 
 Destiny Hero - Plasma 
 
 Aster's thoughts Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny Hero - Captain Tenacious 
 Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude 
 Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 2 episodes 
 #053 " Back to Duel " #054 " Champion or Chazz-Been? " #055 " A Hassleberry Hounding " #056 " Sad But Truesdale " #057 " The Demon " #058 " A New Breed of a Hero, Part 1 " #059 " A New Breed of a Hero, Part 2 " #060 " Pop Goes the Duel " #061 " I've Seen the Light " #062 " A Greater Porpoise " #063 " Curry Worries " #064 " Camaraderie Contest " #065 " No Pain, No Game " #066 " Going Bananas " #067 " Homecoming Duel, Part 1 " #068 " Homecoming Duel, Part 2 " #069 " Dormitory Demolition " #070 " Obelisk White? " #071 " Duel Fellas " #072 " Not Playing With a Full Deck " #073 " Source of Strength " #074 " Happily Never After " #075 " Taken by Storm, Part 1 " #076 " Taken by Storm, Part 2 " #077 " J-Dawg and T-Bone " #078 " Mirror, Mirror, Part 1 " #079 " Mirror, Mirror, Part 2 " #080 " What a Doll! " #081 " Let's Make A Duel! " #082 " Magnetic Personality " #083 " Schooling the Master " #084 " Generation Next " #085 " Rah, Rah, Ra! " #086 " The Art of the Duel " #087 " Blinded by the Light, Part 1 " #088 " Blinded by the Light, Part 2 " #089 " The Darkness Within " #090 " Pro-Dueling " #091 " Don't Fear the Reaper " #092 " Duel for Hire " #093 " Heart of Ice, Part 1 " #094 " Heart of Ice, Part 2 " #095 " Tough Love " #096 " It's All Relative " #097 " The Dark Light " #098 " Ultimate Destiny " #099 " The Key Factor " #100 " The Phoenix Has Landed, Part 1 " #101 " The Phoenix Has Landed, Part 2 " #102 " The Hands of Justice, Part 1 " #103 " The Hands of Justice, Part 2 " #104 " Future Changes " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/Series098.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120723040238']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes