Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yugi_Mutou_(manga)


 
 Yugi Mutou 
 
 
 
 
 Yugi, awakening Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Yugi Mutou 
 
 
 Japanese   
 武 藤 遊 戯 武藤遊戯 むとうゆうぎ Rōmaji: ( Mutō Yūgi ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Birth 
 June 4, 1980 [1] [2] [note 1] 
 
 
 Age 
 18 ( DSOD ) 
 
 
 Height 
 153 cm [1] [2] 
 
 
 Weight 
 42 kg [1] [2] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 AB [1] [2] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Hamburger [1] [2] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Oriental onion [1] [2] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Father Mother Sugoroku Mutou  (grandfather) Grandmother 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Duels 
 List of Duels 
 
 
 Other games 
 List of games 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Duelist Kingdom   Winner       Battle City   Winner   
 
 
 Deck 
 Strategy 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World Yu-Gi-Oh! R Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 Books 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book 
 
 
 
 Yugi Mutou  ( 武 藤 遊 戯   Mutō Yūgi ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga . This is the original depiction of  Yugi Mutou .
 Yugi was a timid boy, who was frequently bullied and spent much time alone. However through gaining a number of friends, mainly  Dark Yugi ,  Anzu Mazaki ,  Katsuya Jonouchi ,  Hiroto Honda  and  Ryo Bakura , he overcame his problems becoming stronger and more independent.
 After solving the  Millennium Puzzle , Yugi unknowingly shared his body Dark Yugi, the spirit of an amnesiac ancient Egyptian Pharaoh, who would protect Yugi and his friends through the use of  Shadow Games . Yugi became aware of Dark Yugi, when he faced  Death-T , a theme park designed by  Seto Kaiba  to kill the Yugis, and met Dark Yugi for the first time, when  Dark Bakura  separated Yugi's consciousness from his body in a game of  Monster World .
 Yugi helped Dark Yugi in winning the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, to rescue  his grandfather . He defeated  Ryuji Otogi  in  Dungeon Dice Monsters  by himself and reassembled the Millennium Puzzle inside a burning building to avoid losing Dark Yugi. Together the Yugis won the  Battle City  tournament.
 The Yugis were separated when they entered the  World of Memories . There Yugi helped Dark Yugi relearn his name, Atem, and defeat  Zorc Necrophades . When they returned to the real world, Yugi defeated Atem in the  Ceremonial Battle , a ritual necessary for Atem to pass on to the afterlife.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   School 
 
 2.2.1   Ushio 
 2.2.2   ZTV director 
 2.2.3   Sozoji 
 2.2.4   Escaped prisoner 
 2.2.5   Kokurano 
 2.2.6   Goro 
 2.2.7   Ms. Chono 
 2.2.8   Junky scorpion owner 
 2.2.9   Kaiba 
 2.2.10   Hirutani's gang 
 2.2.11   Shadi 
 2.2.12   Kujirada 
 2.2.13   Delinquents 
 2.2.14   Mokuba 
 2.2.15   Street Fighter 
 
 
 2.3   Death-T 
 
 2.3.1   Prior events 
 2.3.2   Death T-1 
 2.3.3   Death T-2 
 2.3.4   Death T-3 
 2.3.5   Death T-4 
 2.3.6   Death T-5 
 
 
 2.4   Post Death-T 
 
 2.4.1   Tsuruoka 
 2.4.2   ZTV producer 
 2.4.3   Nagumo 
 2.4.4   Playing Card Bomber 
 2.4.5   Imori 
 2.4.6   Hirutani 
 
 
 2.5   Monster World 
 2.6   Duelist Kingdom 
 
 2.6.1   Invitation 
 2.6.2   Boat ride 
 2.6.3   Day 1 
 2.6.4   Night 1 
 2.6.5   Day 2 
 2.6.6   Night 2 
 2.6.7   Day 3 
 
 
 2.7   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 2.8   Battle City 
 
 2.8.1   Prior events 
 2.8.2   Preliminaries 
 2.8.3   Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 2.8.4   Battle Ship 
 2.8.5   Duel Tower 
 
 
 2.9   Project R.A. 
 2.10   Pharaoh's Memory 
 
 2.10.1   God card theft 
 2.10.2   Mind's Labyrinth 
 2.10.3   Shadow RPG 
 
 2.10.3.1   Ka hunt 
 2.10.3.2   Battle with Thief Bakura 
 2.10.3.3   Zorc's awakening 
 2.10.3.4   Duel with Dark Bakura 
 2.10.3.5   Battle with Zorc 
 2.10.3.6   Aftermath 
 
 
 
 
 2.11   Ceremonial Battle 
 2.12   The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 2.13   Game creator 
 2.14   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 2.15   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 3   Gaming items 
 
 3.1   Duel Monsters Deck 
 
 3.1.1   School 
 3.1.2   Death-T 
 3.1.3   Pre-Duelist Kingdom 
 3.1.4   Duelist Kingdom 
 3.1.5   Battle City 
 3.1.6   World of Memories - VS Dark Bakura 
 3.1.7   World of Memories - VS Zorc 
 3.1.8   Ceremonial Battle 
 3.1.9   Project R.A. 
 3.1.10   The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 3.2   Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 3.3   Other 
 
 
 4   Games 
 
 4.1   Duels 
 4.2   Other 
 
 
 5   References 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Kazuki Takahashi  describes Yugi's hair as "an open hand with hints of a dried autumn leave". When designing characters, he tried to make them instantly recognizable by their hair alone. [3]  The hair was made so extreme with the intention of making an impactful character. [4]  Yugi's hair initially had red lines, but as it was difficult to add shadows to pure red, this was changed to a shade of purple. [3]  He designed the hairstyles of the protagonists of the next two series,  Jaden Yuki  and  Yusei Fudo , such that Yugi, Jaden and Yusei's hairstyles represented  paper, rock and scissors , respectively. [5] 
 The series original setting was a school and Takahashi felt an ordinary uniform jacket and would be boring. So Yugi was given bondage elements under the jacket, with influences from  Edward Scissorhands . [3] 
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Yugi lives with  his mother  and grandfather,  Sugoroku  in the family game shop,  Kame Game . His father was away on business.
 Yugi found the  Millennium Puzzle  on a shelf in the shop. He spent eight unsuccessful years trying to solve it.
 
 School 
 Ushio 
       Yugi, shocked to find  Ushio  has beaten up  Jonouchi  and  Honda     
 One day, Yugi stayed in the classroom during lunch time, declining an offer to play basketball with the rest of class. As he worked on the disassembled Millennium Puzzle, he was interrupted by  Honda  and  Jonouchi  who took the  puzzle box  from him. Jonouchi managed to secretly steal a piece and offered the box back, under the condition that Yugi would punch him. Yugi refused to do this and reacquired the box after  Anzu Mazaki  arrived and caught the box as Jonouchi tossed it to Honda. Jonouchi and Honda left after Anzu told them off. Yugi told Anzu that the Puzzle was a memento to his grandfather,  Sugoroku Mutou  and he had spent eight years trying to solve the Puzzle, believing a wish will be granted a wish upon completing it. [6] 
 The hall monitor  Ushio  believed Yugi was being bullied by Honda and Jonouchi, so he took it on himself to be Yugi's bodyguard, although Yugi denied that Honda and Jonouchi had been troubling him. Regardless Ushio beat them both up and showed them to Yugi. Yugi protested as Ushio continued to hit them, resulting in Ushio attacking him too. Afterwards Ushio imposed bodyguard fees of ¥200,000 and threatened him with a knife should he not pay. [6] 
 
       Yugi solves the  Millennium Puzzle .     
 That night, Yugi worked on the Puzzle, while thinking of way to make the money. Unlike other days, he was able to assemble the Puzzle more easily and quickly, until he realized the last piece was missing. As he searched the room, his Grandfather appeared and gave him the last piece, which Jonouchi had returned earlier. [6] 
 When Yugi assembled the Puzzle, he became the Guardian of the Shadow Games and his body came to bear host for the spirit of the 3,000-year-old Nameless Pharaoh. The spirit, known as  Dark Yugi , shared Yugi's body, unbeknownst to Yugi.
 Dark Yugi arranged to meet Ushio, defeated him in the  Money and Knife   Shadow Game  and inflicted a  Penalty Game  on him. Dark Yugi changed back to Yugi, who had no knowledge of what has passed. [6] 
 The next day at school, Jonouchi answered Yugi's riddle, " something you can show, but can't see ," saying that is friendship and that they are friends. [6] 
 
 ZTV director 
       Yugi bullied for the staged documentary,  Caught on Camera: School Violence     
 On the way to school, Jonouchi told Yugi about a pornographic video,  Video Girl♡ , he had watched and offered to lend it to Yugi. [7] 
 When they arrived at school, they spotted a  ZTV  van and suspected someone famous might go their school. When Yugi tried peering into the van, he was seen by  the director , who decided to use him in his staged bullying documentary,  Caught on Camera: School Violence , with his assistant  Fujita  playing the bully. [7] 
 As Jonouchi began to spread rumors of a star attending the school, Yugi tried telling him that they did not know that for definite, causing Jonouchi to angrily leave him to search for the star himself. Having overheard this exchange, Fujita lied to Yugi about there being a star and that he could meet her behind the gym after recess if he came alone. When Yugi arrived, Fujita proceeded to beat him up on camera. Jonouchi managed to break up the fight, but could not cease the production. [7] 
 Yugi switched to Dark Yugi, who later confronted the director and beat him in a  dice game  Shadow Game. [7] 
 Another day, Jonouchi brought the  Video Girl♡  tape to school to give to Yugi. As he tossed it to him, Anzu caught the tape midair and teasingly asked what it was and if she could borrow it. [7] 
 
 Sozoji 
 The untalented singer,  Sozoji , forced Yugi to sell tickets to his concert. After  Hanasaki  tried to sell Yugi a ticket, Yugi took all Hanasaki's tickets off his hands. Knowing neither of them were going to be able to sell the tickets, he tried to spare Hanasaki the burden. The day of the concert, Yugi informed Sozoji that he couldn't sell any tickets. As punishment, Sozoji forced Yugi to listen to music at full blast and revealed Hanasaki, beaten-up, as the audience for the next song. Dark Yugi once again took over and beat the bully in the  silence game  Shadow Game. [8] 
 
 Escaped prisoner 
         Yugi discovers that  Anzu  is working at  Burger World .     
 Yugi was keen to eat at  Burger World  with his friends one day after school. However Anzu strongly discouraged this idea. Yugi and Jonouchi noticed Anzu was acting suspicious and avoiding walking home from school with them. To get to the bottom of it, they followed her home from school and found that she had been working at Burger World. Since part time jobs were against school rules, she got them to promise they wouldn't tell. An  escaped convict  entered the restaurant, took Anzu hostage and blindfolded her. Everyone else had to lie on the floor apart from Yugi, who was forced to serve him vodka and  Lucky Stripe  cigarettes. Dark Yugi took control of Yugi's body and faced the convict in the  one finger BATTLE!   Shadow Game . Anzu thought his voice sounded like Yugi's, but his actions and bravery were completely different. Dark Yugi defeated the convict, setting him alight. Yugi was oblivious to the game when he regained control of his body. [9] 
 
 Kokurano 
 Yugi became envious of the alleged psychic  Kokurano , as he tried to seduce Anzu. For Yugi's disbelief in his powers, Kokurano said that in Yugi's future countless letters would fall from the heavens and bring disaster upon him. Later that day Kokurano knocked over bookshelves on top of Yugi. Dark Yugi then emerged to punish Kokurano and save Anzu. [10] 
 
 Goro 
 For the  Domino High school festival , the class followed Yugi's suggestion to set up a section for  Carnival Games . However  Goro Inogashira  and his classmates tore down their stand to make way for their own. Yugi got injured trying to protect their stand and was taken to the infirmary. Anzu took care of him for a while, but after she took her eyes off him he disappeared, having changed to Dark Yugi in order to get revenge on Goro. [11] 
 
 Ms. Chono 
         Honda  becomes friends with Yugi.     
 Despite Honda's wishes, Jonouchi let Yugi in on the secret that Honda had a crush on  Miho Nosaka , and asked him for help. Yugi suggested that they browse his family's store for a present, where they decided on a  love letter jigsaw puzzle . Having never sent a love letter before, Honda got Yugi to write one and threatened him, should Miho not like it. The next day at school, the teacher  Ms. Chono  found the puzzle on Miho's desk before Miho. She confiscated it and demanded the sender come forward. Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda all claimed to have done so, but Chono continued to solve the puzzle to find out who really sent it and planned to punish the others for lying. Dark Yugi emerged and turns the puzzle into a Shadow Game,  Dark Puzzle ; as Chono continued to complete the puzzle, she felt the pain she was inflicting on others. The makeup on her face began to crack-up, revealing her true ugly self. Chono fled the room, sparing the boys any trouble. After Miho turned Honda down for a date, Yugi and Jonouchi treated him to a hamburger to cheer him up. Since then Honda became good friends with Yugi. [12] 
 
 Junky scorpion owner 
 After Jonouchi bought a pair of  Air Muscle  shoes from the  Junky Scorpion , he, Yugi and Honda were ambushed by the  Muscle Hunters , who stole the shoes. After finding out that they were sent by the  store owner , Dark Yugi emerged and returned to the store, to win back Jonouchi's shoes. Not knowing how he got the shoes back, Yugi returned them to Jonouchi. [13] 
 
 Kaiba 
         Yugi playing  Duel Monsters  against Jonouchi     
 Yugi introduced Jonouchi and Anzu to  Duel Monsters  at  Kame Game .  Seto Kaiba  arrived and took interest in Yugi's grandfather's rare " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " card. Unable to buy it off him, he attempted to steal it from Yugi the next day at school, by switching it with a  counterfeit . Despite noticing this, Yugi waited until no one else was around, before asking for the card back. Kaiba denied stealing it, but when Yugi persisted, he struck him with a briefcase mocking Yugi and his grandfather's attitude. Dark Yugi then took control [14]  and defeated Kaiba in  a Shadow Game of  Duel Monsters , winning back the card and giving Kaiba a  Penalty Game , making him believe he was in the  Duel Monsters Spirit World , where he suffered the experience of death. [15] 
 
 Hirutani's gang 
         Yugi uses the Millennium Puzzle to locate Jonouchi.     
 After realizing Jonouchi had missed school for the first time, Yugi, Anzu and Honda investigated. They visited Jonouchi's apartment, but got scared off by  his father , who mistaking them for Jonouchi, yelled at them for disappearing for two days. The trio searched the city and found Jonouchi with  Hirutani's gang , attacking a boy. Yugi ran over to ask Jonouchi what was going on, but Jonouchi denied knowing him. As Yugi continued to plea with Jonouchi, one of the  gang members  punched Yugi in the face. Yugi refused to believe Jonouchi had changed so they followed the gang to  J'z . Honda insisted that Yugi and Anzu wait outside, for their own safety, while he went inside. However Honda could only report that the gang had left, so the trio split up to look for Jonouchi. Unable to find Jonouchi, Yugi clasped the Millennium Puzzle and asked it to tell him where Jonouchi was. Dark Yugi took control of his body and went to  Hirutani's torture chamber , where the gang had Jonouchi tied up. Dark Yugi managed to take out the gang in  Landmine Search Network  and relinquished control to Yugi, who escorted Jonouchi out. [16] [17] 
 
 Shadi 
         Yugi's two  soul rooms     
 Yugi read that there was to be an Egyptian exhibition,  Egypt Unearthed  at the  Domino City Museum  in the newspaper,  Japan Daily News . Two months later the exhibition took place. Since his grandfather knew  Professor Yoshimori , the archaeologist who discovered the tomb, Yugi was allowed come for free and invited his friends too. Anzu noted that Egypt is where the Millennium Puzzle came from and reminded Yugi that his grandfather had said all the archaeologists involved in finding the puzzle had died mysterious deaths. Yugi assured his friends that he isn't cursed. However he thought to himself that he had suffered memory loss, but opted not to tell his friends thinking they'd find it creepy. [18] 
 Outside the museum, Yugi was introduced to Professor Yoshimori, who in turn introduced him to  Curator Kanekura . Kanekura begged Yugi to let him put the Millennium Puzzle on display and Yugi reluctantly allowed him to borrow it for one day. During the exhibition, Yugi didn't feel right without the Puzzle. Yoshimori showed Yugi and his friends around and Yugi bumped into Shadi, who claimed to be bearing the tears of the mummy that was unable to cry itself.
 
         Shadi, after visiting Yugi's soul room     
 After the exhibition closed, Yugi returned to collect his Puzzle. Unable to find Kanekura, he met  Shadi  and explained what he was looking for. Shadi was astonished to learn that Yugi may be the one who solved the Puzzle. To check, he used his  Millennium Key  to look into Yugi's  soul room . However he found two rooms, one for Yugi and one for Dark Yugi. [18]  Shadi left Yugi's mind, after he was  defeated  by Dark Yugi. He returned the Puzzle to Yugi, saying that there is no need to thank him as he is in his debt, since Yugi's other self had saved him. However Yugi laughed at the idea of there being another person living inside him. [19] 
 
         Yugi's brief moment of control     
 After hearing the news of Kanekura's unexpected death, Yugi, Sugoroku, Jonouchi and Anzu went to  Domino University  to cheer him up. However Yoshimori, possessed by Shadi, started attacking Yugi's friends. [20]  Shadi redecorates Anzu's  soul room  and ordered the other Yugi to appear. He told Yugi that he can make Anzu die by commanding her to do so. This prompted Dark Yugi to appear [21]  and face Shadi in the  Trial of the Mind  to save his friends.
 At one point in the game, Shadi created an illusion of Jonouchi with his old bully persona, having caught of a glimpse of it while visiting Yugi's soul room earlier. As the illusion mocked Yugi's emotional attachment to the Millennium Puzzle again, Yugi very briefly regained control of his body and wept. This caused two of the  ushebti , used in the game, to break, having detected weakness in his heart. [22] 
 Dark Yugi ultimately won the game. Anzu and Jonouchi, who had noticed Yugi had been acting differently approached him. However Dark Yugi relinquished control to Yugi, causing them to think they had been mistaken. [23] 
 
 Kujirada 
         Jonouchi's Digital Pet  bullies  U2 , mirroring the beginning of Yugi and Jonouchi's friendship.     
 Yugi got a  Digital Pet , which he named  U2 . At school, he connected it with  Jonouchi's pet , where it initially got bullied, but they started to get along afterwards. [24] 
 Kujirada , having let  his pet  eat Jonouchi's pet and Anzu's pet,  Peachy , connected it to U2. Initially U2 was chased around, but using data it incorporated from its connection with Jonouchi's pet, it transformed into a more powerful form. The powered-up U2 struck Kujirada's pet defeating it. [24] 
 As U2 reached the end of its life expectancy, Yugi stayed awake to watch him disappear. [24] 
 
 Delinquents 
 Tomoya Hanasaki  introduced Yugi and his friends to  Zombire , by bringing comics to school. Later that day, he invited them to his house, to show them his  Zombire  collection. Later that night,  Hanasaki's father  secretly paid three  delinquents  to stage a crime scene and allow Hanasaki, dressed as  Zombie  to break it up. [25] 
 The next day, two of the delinquents approached Yugi, asking if he knew Hanasaki, which he denied. [25]  That night the delinquents, lured Hanasaki into a trap, by sending him a message, claiming that they had kidnapped Yugi. Shortly afterwards, Yugi traveled to Hanasaki's house to collect paint for a Zombire figure. There Hanasaki's father explained what had happened and that he could not afford to pay the delinquents to let Hanasaki win this time. Yugi switched to Dark Yugi, who saved Hanasaki by defeating the delinquents in the  Maze of Fire  Shadow Game. [26] 
 
 Mokuba 
         Mokuba's followers  take Yugi captive     
 Kaiba's brother,  Mokuba , approached Yugi in search of revenge. Using  his gang , who were armed with dangerous weapons, he forced Yugi into a game of  Capsule Monster Chess . As Mokuba's minions tried to mess with Yugi's Millennium Puzzle, Dark Yugi emerged, as Mokuba had hoped for. Even though Mokuba rigged the dispenser to give Yugi low level monsters for the game, Dark Yugi accepted the ante of having one of Yugi's fingers cut off should he lose, provided he may subject Mokuba to a Penalty Game, should Mokuba lose. Dark Yugi won and Mokuba warned him  Death-T  was coming, before he believed himself to be trapped in a giant capsule, as his penalty. [27] 
 
 Street Fighter 
         Yugi faces  Street Fighter  in  Virtual VS     
 At an arcade, Yugi heard rumors of Kaiba building the ultimate game. He took his mind off it, by playing a fighting game,  Virtual VS . He received multiple challenges from  Street Fighter , defeating him each time. Not too pleased with this Street Fighter beat up Yugi and stole the Millennium Puzzle. After Jonouchi saw what happened he chased down Street Fighter and won the Puzzle back in the  Game of Death . [28] 
 
 Death-T 
 Prior events 
 Shortly after leaving the arcade, Yugi and Jonouchi were invited via limousine to  Kaiba Manor . At the mansion, Mokuba treated them to a meal, which turned out to be a game called  Russian Roulette Dinner , in which he poisoned Jonouchi. In order to save Jonouchi Dark Yugi emerged and defeated Mokuba. [29] 
 The next day, Kaiba took Yugi and Jonouchi to the  Kaiba Land   grand opening , as special guests. Yugi began to think that he had misjudged Kaiba when he learned that Kaiba had invited children to visit the park for free, three days before the main opening. Although he was slightly taken aback when Kaiba was accused of murdering his own father,  Gozaburo , by  Gozaburo's right-hand man . [30] 
 
         Yugi receives  his grandfather 's Deck.     
 Yugi and Jonouchi rode the  3D Simulation Ride , after which Kaiba informed them he had prepared a special show, just for Yugi, which was to be the main attraction of the opening ceremony. He took them to an arena, where they were surprised to see Yugi's grandfather,  Sugoroku , who had been kidnapped by Kaiba, in a  Battle Box . [30] 
 Kaiba faced Sugoroku in a game of  Duel Monsters , where realistic simulations of the cards were created by the Battle Box. Kaiba won the Duel, using the three " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " cards, he had acquired, and proceeded to tear up Sugoroku's "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". Kaiba then subjected him to a virtual reality recreation of the "Experience of Death" Penalty Game, Dark Yugi had inflicted on Kaiba. [30]  In order to end the simulation and stop his Sugoroku going insane, Yugi agreed to take part in  Death-T , a theme park, Kaiba created to exact revenge on Yugi. Before being taken to hospital, Sugoroku handed Yugi his Deck, to use against Kaiba. [31] 
 
 Death T-1 
         Honda, Yugi and Jonouchi preparing for  Death T-1 , the Stardust Shootout     
 Jonouchi insisted on helping Yugi face Death-T. Honda who had brought his nephew,  Johji , to Kaiba Land came out of the crowd, to help too. The four of them entered  Death T-1 , where they were surprised to be greeted by Anzu, who had gotten a job at Kaiba Land. Initially oblivious to the fact that the theme park had been designed to kill Yugi, she acted in character and explained the rules of the game. Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda had to play a three-on-three shootout game, where players had to eliminate their opponents by shooting the sensor on their vest. [31]  However Kaiba had hired professional hitmen, armed with lethal guns as their opponents, while Yugi and his friends' guns were ineffective. [32] 
 Jonouchi managed to take out one of the opponents in an unconventional surprise attack, while Honda and Johji used Anzu's working gun to take out the other two in a fake surrender. [32] 
 
 Death T-2 
         Anzu, Yugi, Honda and Jonouchi, with their hands inside the guillotine     
 During  Death T-2 , the  Horror Zone , Yugi and his friends were subjected to the  Electric Chair Ride , where they resisted screaming to avoid being electrocuted. [33] 
 The ride took them to the  Murderer's Mansion , where they get their hands stuck in a guillotine. Yugi had to think fast as he solved the  bllood puzzle  riddle in time to save the group from getting their hands sliced off. [34] 
 In the final part of the stage, Jonouchi was locked in a room, where he faced the  Chopman  in a deathmatch. While the Chopman's weapon was stuck, Yugi drew Jonouchi's attention to a candlestick he could use to pick the lock on his cuff. He then instructed Jonouchi to lock the cuff onto the door with the candle slipped inside it. After the Chopman unstuck his weapon he yanked the chain, ripping out the door. Jonouchi made his escape, while the candle hit the tar covered floor, incinerating the Chopman. [35] 
 
 Death T-3 
         Anzu draws a  symbol of friendship  on Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda and her hands     
 At the start of  Death T-3 , Yugi and his friends were left waiting in a empty room for a long time. Yugi used the time to apologize to his friends, blaming himself for dragging them into this. However Jonouchi seized him, demanding that he never say that again. Jonouchi and Honda then admitted that through Yugi, they have come to like themselves. Anzu asked them to hold out their hands as she drew a  symbol of friendship  on them. She commented that if they wound up taking separate paths in life, they could remember the symbol and they would remember being there together as friends. [36] 
 
         Yugi confesses to believing that there is  another Yugi     
 After the challenge started, blocks fell from the ceiling, while the gang climbed on top of them in order to escape through a hole in the wall, high off the ground. Anzu made use of her dancing skills to read the rhythm the blocks are falling and help the others avoid them. However Honda got his coat stuck under a block while the others made their escape. [36] 
 Upset over what happened to Honda, Yugi admitted to Jonouchi and Anzu that he believed there is another Yugi living inside him. He had withheld this information before, in fear that they would not want to be friends with him. However Jonouchi swore that he would always be friends with Yugi, even if there is another person, living in him. [37] 
 
 Death T-4 
 Yugi, Jonouchi and Anzu proceeded to  Death T-4 , where Jonouchi and Anzu knowingly witnessed Yugi change to Dark Yugi for the first time as he prepared to faced Mokuba in a game of  Capsule Monster Chess . [38] 
 
 Death T-5 
         Yugi speaks with an apparition of his grandfather, during  Death T-5     
 Dark Yugi faced Kaiba in a game of  Duel Monsters  in  Death T-5 . [39]  During the Duel, Yugi witnessed Dark Yugi considering that he was going to lose and noticed the "Forbidden One" cards in his  hand . Yugi imagined that his grandfather was there. His grandfather reminded him how he was suffering before but managed to put the  Millennium Puzzle  together and commented that the cards are also like pieces of a puzzle. This led Dark Yugi to suspect that the "Forbidden One" cards were the pieces of " Exodia ", after remembering Grandpa telling Yugi about "Exodia". [40]  Dark Yugi managed to Summon "Exodia" and defeat Kaiba. [41]  He then inflicted the  Mind Crush  on him. [42] 
 After completing Death-T, Yugi was reunited with his friends, including Honda, who was saved by Mokuba. From that day, Yugi remembered all the battles that he and Dark Yugi had fought. [42] 
 
 
 Post Death-T 
 Tsuruoka 
         Anzu suggests that she and Yugi check their love compatibility     
 Yugi scattered white socks across his bedroom floor in an attempt to exercise his sixth sense through the  Sock Concentration  game he had come up with. He correctly turned over the two socks he had marked and began to celebrate. But  his mother  scolded him and told him that Anzu was waiting for him outside. [43] 
 
         Honda, Yugi and Jonouchi play the  Achievement Test Bingo Game     
 On the way to school, Anzu gave Yugi a  Lovely Two , which initially got no response when he checked for love compatibility with Anzu. While Anzu was concerned that their results in an achievement test were going to be put on public display at school, Yugi was looking forward to it, as he had intended to play the  Achievement Test Bingo Game  with Jonouchi and Honda. [43] 
 Yugi managed to win the bingo game, but the guidance counselor,  Tsuruoka  caught him, Jonouchi and Honda having fun over the test results, despite scoring poorly themselves. He publicly ridiculed them and confiscated Yugi's Lovely Two, prompting Dark Yugi's arrival. [43] 
 Dark Yugi, Jonouchi and Honda wound up in a game, where they had to find the Lovely Two or face suspension (expulsion in the English version). Anzu became bashful, knowing she was speaking to Dark Yugi and gave him her Lovely Two. After trying the love compatibility test, as Dark Yugi, the Lovely Twos began to beep, revealing the other one's location. [43] 
 
 ZTV producer 
 When Jonouchi won a spot on  The Get the Million Game , Yugi suggested that he, Anzu and Honda all be part of the studio audience, so that they could cheer him on. During the shows intermission, while Yugi was searching for the toilet, he overheard  the producer  talking to  a technician . The producer asked to technician to make sure the game was rigged and mentioned that they were using Jonouchi's struggle to gain ratings. Outraged, Yugi switched to Dark Yugi, who faced the producer and technician in the  Red Paint Lottery  game he set up impromptu and prevented them from rigging the game. [44] 
 
 Nagumo 
         Yugi faces Jonouchi in  Monster Fighter .     
 Yugi took up the game,  Monster Fighter , which proved to be a big hit, with Yugi asked numerous times at school if his family's store has any in stock. Among Yugi's opponents was  Koji Nagumo , who cheated by punching Yugi and stole his Monster Fighter. Yugi borrowed Jonouchi's Monster Fighter and changed to Dark Yugi, who used it to defeat Koji in a  Shadow Game  of  Monster Fighter . [45] [46] 
 
 Playing Card Bomber 
         Anzu puts herself in danger to coax Yugi into switching to Dark Yugi     
 During the summer vacation, Anzu asked Yugi out to  Domino Park . On the way to the park, Yugi was more interested in reading about the  Playing Card Bomber  in the newspaper, which irritated Anzu. [47] 
 At the pool, with Anzu's vision obscured by the sunlight, she mistook Yugi for Dark Yugi, until he chased after a child for spraying him with a water pistol. Intent on making Dark Yugi appear, Anzu faked being in danger. During a bomb scare, she opted not to evacuate and got separated from Yugi as he got pushed by the crowd. [47] 
 When Yugi found Anzu she was on a Ferris wheel, which he heard from the police had a bomb planted on it. The police  chief  asked if anyone preset was a good card player, when the bomber gave them a chance to stop the bomb detonating by playing a card game. Yugi switched to Dark Yugi, who played a game of  clock solitaire , set by the bomber. After being saved, Anzu attempted to continue the date, with Dark Yugi in control of Yugi's body. [47] 
 
 Imori 
         Yugi faces  Imori  in  Dragon Cards     
 Yugi's classmate,  Imori , having read about games from ancient Egypt, realized that Yugi had gained powers of darkness from solving the  Millennium Puzzle . He planned on claiming that power for himself by defeating Yugi in a  Shadow Game . Imori visited  Kame Game , with a sealed up box and  jar , to ask Sugoroku for information on them. Unaware of his intentions, Yugi had hoped to befriend Imori. Sugoroku recognized the items as the  Dragon Cards  and warned Imori that breaking the seal would result in a dangerous warped power. [48] 
 A few days later at school, Imori took the puzzle from Yugi's locker during PE and left a note, instructing Yugi to come to room C alone. When Yugi arrived, Imori broke the seal on the Dragon Cards. He explained that the dragons would cause eternal disaster, unless they played a Shadow Game, in which the loser's soul would be fed to the dragons to calm their wrath. [48] 
 
         Yugi's soul gets taken by the dragons     
 Without the puzzle Yugi was unable to switch to Dark Yugi. Imori having studied the game thoroughly knew what dragons Yugi was trying to play and gathered the necessary cards to play dragons with an elemental advantage, easily winning the game. One of the dragons then reached into Yugi's body and pulled his soul into the jar. [48] 
 Yugi's soulless body dropped to the table, but managed to touch the Millennium Puzzle, allowing  Dark Yugi  to emerge. [48]  Staking his own soul, Dark Yugi challenged Imori to a rematch. He managed to win, recovering Yugi's soul, while Imori's was instead fed to the dragons. [49] 
 
 Hirutani 
 Yugi and Jonouchi agreed to help their classmate,  Nezumi , get back at three people who had mugged him using  yo-yos . However Imori had double crossed them and led them to the  Hirutani's gang , which had much more than three members.  Hirutani  had one of his minions hang Yugi from a hook, threatening to let him die, if Jonouchi did not rejoin the gang. However Jonouchi endured a bombardment of yo-yos and helped Yugi down. [50]  Jonouchi borrowed the Millennium Puzzle to incapacitate a number of the gangsters. Yugi then switched to Dark Yugi and he and Jonouchi took out the remaining gangsters. [51] 
 
 Monster World 
         Honda, Jonouchi, Yugi and Anzu face  Dark Bakura  in  a game  of  Monster World     
 Yugi made friends with  Ryo Bakura , after Bakura transferred to  Domino High School . Bakura told Yugi and his friends of his interest in  Monster World . But he advised them against playing it with him, as people he had faced in the past wound up in comas. When Bakura misses a day of school, Yugi, Jonouchi, Anzu and Honda visited his apartment. Bakura tried warning them to leave, but he became possessed by  Dark Bakura , who invited them inside. [52] 
 Dark Bakura had a  Monster World  game set up [52]  and had created miniatures to resemble Yugi, Jonouchi, Anzu and Honda to use as their avatars. He then got them to fill out data for their characters and touched up their miniatures accordingly. Yugi choose for his character to be a half-elf beast tamer. [53] 
 In the game, Yugi and his friends played the role of the adventures, while Dark Bakura was the Dark Master. The adventures went to a tavern to find information on what to do. They learned that  Zorc  had been terrorizing the kingdom, from the  Villager D  character and Yugi became slightly suspicious of how lifelike the villager miniature seemed. [53] 
 
         Yugi tames  Pokii     
 On the way to  Zorc Castle , the adventurers found an unconscious stranger, not knowing it was Zorc in disguise. Yugi was cautious that it could be a trap, but the group decided to wake him. The stranger told them of a holy sword capable of defeating Zorc, which a monster had stolen from him in the forest. Yugi remained suspicious, but the group decided to help the stranger locate the sword. [54] 
 
         Yugi gets trapped in  his miniature     
 Inside the forest, the adventurers encountered a group of monsters, including  Pokii , which Yugi tamed into an ally, while Honda and Anzu defeated the others. Zorc then revealed his true identity and having caught the adventurers off guard, was able to attack first. Dark Bakura rolled a super critical for Zorc, allowing him to trap Anzu's consciousness in her miniature. [54]  During the next few  dice  rolls, he also trapped Jonouchi and Honda in their miniatures. Yugi demanded that Dark Bakura do the same to him. Dark Bakura explained that with no one left to roll the dice, Yugi's team would lose, but still complied with Yugi's wishes. With Yugi's soul in his miniature, Dark Yugi took control of his body and continued to roll the dice for the adventurers. [55] 
 Being within a separate body, Yugi was able to meet Dark Yugi for the first time. Dark Yugi credited the meeting to Yugi's courage. [56] 
 
         Yugi meets Dark Yugi for the first time.     
 With Dark Yugi rolling, the adventurers severed Zorc's left hand, [55]  which mutated into more monsters. Zorc returned to the castle, leaving his spawn to battle. Dark Yugi for his team members, defeating the monsters, apart from  Pao , which he got Yugi to tame. [56] 
 The adventurers proceeded to Zorc Castle, where they inspected a tower. Yugi suspected the markings on a pedestal inside the tower were of significance. However entering the tower, triggered a trap where the spiked ceiling fell on the adventurers' heads. Dark Yugi managed to save them by completing a support pillar before the miniatures broke under pressure. [57] 
 Dark Yugi, whose  double hit  technique had been outlawed earlier began to roll more critical hits by channeling the anger of  Yugi and his friends into the dice. This unleashed an onslaught of powerful attacks on Zorc, who was largely unharmed due to his high level. Using brainwashed dice, Dark Bakura rolled a super critical for Zorc's next attack, which hit all of the adventurers. However Ryo Bakura, who had regained control of his left hand, following Zorc's mutilation, interfered with the damage calculation, so Yugi and his friends survived with 1 HP each. [58] 
 
         Yugi's training hand pulls  White Wizard Bakura  from  Zorc .     
 Anzu was given sufficient time to heal Yugi and the others, due to Ryo Bakura continuing to sabotage Dark Bakura's moves. When Dark Bakura deliberately injured his hand to disenable Ryo's interference, Yugi began to suspect that there were two Bakuras and his friends agreed. On Yugi's turn he used his beast training hand to pull Ryo Bakura's miniature,  White Wizard Bakura , from the stump of Zorc's right arm. [59] 
 Wizard Bakura lowered Zorc's defenses, allowing Yugi's team to inflict serious damage on Zorc, prompting him to transform into Last Zorc, increasing his offensive and defensive power. Yugi wondered why Zorc did not assume this form sooner and Dark Yugi realized that it had exposed a weak point, an eye which is briefly exposed after Last Zorc attacks. Pokii flew into the eye to hold it open and Yugi used his training hand to punch the eye and simultaneously pull Pokii to safety. [60]  The other adventurers attacked Last Zorc and Ryo Bakura sacrificed his soul to destroy Dark Bakura's  doppelganger dice , preventing Last Zorc's self-destruct attack. [61] 
 After defeated Zorc, Yugi and his friends were returned to their bodies, including Bakura, whose soul was still alive in the White Wizard. [61] 
 A few days later, Bakura made a diorama featuring himself, Yugi, Dark Yugi, Anzu Jonouchi, Honda, Pokii and Pao, as a memento of their adventure. [61] 
 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Invitation 
         Yugi, with his classmates, playing  Duel Monsters     
 Yugi visited  Seto Kaiba  in the hospital and found he had not recovered from  Death-T . Yugi abstained from taking part in the  Japanese National Duel Monsters Championship , as he had decided that when he was to enter a tournament, it would be to fight Kaiba in a fair Duel. [62] 
 At lot of Yugi's classmates played  Duel Monsters  during their lunch breaks. Following a losing streak, Jonouchi turned to Yugi for help. Yugi quickly pointed out the imbalance of Jonouchi's all- monster  Deck and invited him to  his house  to train. They began by watching the  national championship finals . [62] 
 
         Yugi, Dueling  Pegasus  through the TV     
 Yugi opened a package he had received, containing a  a VHS , featuring  Maximillion J. Pegasus . Although claiming to a prerecording, Pegasus challenged Yugi to a Duel on the spot. Despite the seemingly impossible nature, Yugi rose to the challenge, seeing it as a dream to play against the creator of  Duel Monsters . [62] 
 In addition to knowing what cards Yugi played, Pegasus was also able to tell what cards were in Yugi's  hand  and correctly predict what moves he was planning. When the picture on one of Yugi's cards got sucked into the TV screen, Dark Yugi realized that they were playing a  Shadow Game  and took control. [62]  Pegasus won the Duel and as  Penalty Game , he sucked the soul of  Sugoroku  into the TV, coaxing the Yugis to participate in the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament to save him. [63] 
 By putting the videotape into a camcorder, Yugi was able to move his grandfather to a different screen, making him portable enough to communicate with wherever he went. [64] 
 
         Yugi, speaking with his grandfather through the camcorder     
 Having recently attained the ability to tell what his other self is feeling, Yugi told his friends that Dark Yugi felt bad for losing to Pegasus. They filled  Ryo Bakura  in on what happened and considered entering the Duelist Kingdom tournament to return Sugoroku to normal. [64] 
 When Yugi arrived home, he found the invitation to Duelist Kingdom attached to the door. Jonouchi, Anzu, Honda and Bakura appeared and informed him that Jonouchi had also received a videotape in the mail, which they feared could be from Pegasus. Since he did not have an 8 mm VCR of his own, he asked if they could watch it on Yugi's. However the tape was a message from Jonouchi's sister  Shizuka Kawai , who discussed her inevitable blindness. As Jonouchi wept about being unable to afford the surgery to help her, Yugi switched to Dark Yugi, who split his  Star Chips  with Jonouchi, urging him to enter the tournament for the prize money. [64] 
 Yugi and Jonouchi spent the next week training for the tournament. [64]  During this time, Yugi gave Jonouchi the card " Time Wizard ". [65] 
 
 Boat ride 
         Haga  throws Yugi's " Exodia " cards overboard.     
 The day before the tournament, Yugi, Jonouchi, Anzu, Bakura and Honda went  Domino Pier  to board the ship to the tournament. There they met  Mai Kujaku , who informed Yugi that he was famous for defeating Kaiba and teased him over his size. [66] 
 Yugi spent some on the ship conversing with Haga, who leaked word of new rules being in use for the tournament and advised Yugi on the tactical advantages of staying in the same room as the other participants. [66] 
 On the ship's deck, Sugoroku discussed the suspicious nature of the tournament with Yugi. Haga then appeared and requested to see the " Exodia " cards Yugi used to defeat Kaiba, only to throw them overboard. Jonouchi dived into the water but was only able to recover two of the five cards. Yugi then changed to Dark Yugi, who vowed to take out Haga first in the tournament. [66] 
 
 Day 1 
 When the tournament started, Haga led Yugi to the forest, before their Duel, to make benefit of the  Field Power Source . By wagering his life in addition to his one Star Chip, [67]  Dark Yugi was able to take both of Haga's Star Chips when he won, eliminating Haga from the tournament. [68] 
 Yugi spent much of his time as Dark Yugi, who watched Jonouchi Duel Mai, [69]  and himself Dueled  Ryota Kajiki [70] ,  Mokuba Kaiba  and the  Ventriloquist of the Dead . [71]  Through defeating the ventriloquist, he acquired Kaiba's stolen Deck and awoke Kaiba from his coma.
 
         Anzu, Honda and Bakura try to convince Yugi to help Jonouchi, despite Jonouchi's request.     
 Agreeing not to help Jonouchi in his Duel against  Dinosaur Ryuzaki , Dark Yugi returned control to Yugi. [72]  However as Jonouchi was being overpowered, Anzu, Honda and Bakura tried convincing Yugi to help him, reminding him that Shizuka could go blind if Jonouchi lost. Yugi agreed to help, but was stopped by Dark Yugi, who explained the necessity of Jonouchi's independence and directed his attention to the determination in Jonouchi's eyes. [73] 
 
 Night 1 
 During the night of the preliminaries, Mai proposed a ceasefire and shared her food with Yugi and his friends. Yugi gathered firewood to help Bakura with the cooking. As they ate, Mai made it clear that they would go back to being enemies the next day and that she intended to defeat Yugi. Before trying to go to sleep, Yugi spoke with Sugoroku on the camcorder, briefing him in on his progress in the tournament. [74] 
 
         Yugi meets Anzu at the cliff.     
 After Jonouchi, Honda and Bakura fell asleep, Mai arranged for Yugi and Anzu to meet up, telling Yugi that Anzu wanted to speak with him. The two met at the cliff and Anzu began to talk about old times. Yugi suspected that she wanted to speak with Dark Yugi and offered to change, but Anzu refused and tried to convince herself that both Yugis were the same person. She held his hand and told him he was fine the way he was. [74] 
 Yugi and Anzu's meeting was interrupted by the sound of Mai screaming. They located her and found that she had been beaten by the  Player Killer of Darkness , who took all eight of her Star Chips. The  Player Killer  then challenged Yugi, [74]  who switched to Dark Yugi and defeated him, winning back Mai's Star Chips. Mai reluctantly accepted his offer to take them back and said that she owed him one. [75] 
 Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda and Bakura slept outside under the trees. They were woken several times, including once by Bakura, who to their surprise had brought the  Millennium Ring  to the island. He showed them that the ring was pointing to  Pegasus Castle . Yugi reminded Bakura that the ring was dangerous and advised him against putting it on. [76] 
 
         Yugi learns that Kaiba has not changed much since  Death-T     
 Later that night, Kaiba arrived on the island. Yugi returned his Deck, which he had recovered from the ventriloquist. Kaiba thanked him, but said not to be mistaken, as he intended to defeat Yugi in a Duel sooner or later. Jonouchi, unwilling for forgive Kaiba for  Death-T  tried to pick a fight with Kaiba. As Yugi and Honda tried to restrain, he challenged Kaiba to a Duel. [76]  When Kaiba defeated and mocked Jonouchi, Yugi questioned if Kaiba had changed at all to which Kaiba replied that Yugi's friendship still disgusted him. Before leaving Kaiba warned Yugi of Pegasus' apparent ability to read minds, which he believed even Yugi would not be able to overcome. [77] 
 
 Day 2 
 The next morning, Mai had left by the time the rest of the group woke up, but left some supplies and a note to Yugi saying that she owed him eight Star Chips. As they discussed their plans, Yugi said that they should not waste time as the preliminaries would be over after four people have collected ten Star Chips. He also warned that the remaining Duelists should be stronger than ones from the previous day. [78] 
 When Jonouchi got separated the group, the group split up and searched to no avail. [79]  Yugi then switched to Dark Yugi, who with the power of the Millennium Puzzle sensed Jonouchi was  underground , [80]  helping them find Jonouchi in a cave, just after he defeated  Ghost Kozuka . [81]  However, before the group could leave,  Bandit Keith  got his gang to trap them inside the underground by rolling a boulder in front of the entrance. [82] 
 As Yugi's group searched for another exit, they encountered the  Meikyû Brothers , [82]  whom Dark Yugi and Jonouchi defeated in order to escape to the surface and raise both their Star Chip counts to ten. [83] 
 
         Yugi stops his other self from killing Kaiba.     
 At the entrance to Pegasus Castle, Dark Yugi was challenged him to a Duel by Kaiba. [84]  As Dark Yugi was about to win, Kaiba threatened to jump to his death should Dark Yugi attack. Dark Yugi refused to lose and tried attacking, but Yugi took over and stopped the attack. Kaiba won on the next turn, [85]  taking five of Yugi's Star Chips. [86] 
 Yugi wept over how close he had come to killing Kaiba. Anzu began to comfort Yugi, telling him he had done the right thing. However Kaiba insisted that Yugi had lost, as a consequence of showing weakness at the end and that caring for the enemy's safety is the most foolish thing he could do. Anzu argued that Kaiba was the one, who had shown weakness, by being afraid to live with defeat and that Yugi's actions had shown true courage. As Kaiba left, Jonouchi told him not to forget that Yugi saved him when he was willing to throw his life away. [86] 
 
         Yugi is offered Mai's additional Star Chips     
 Yugi and his friends rushed to find an opponent for Yugi to win back his five Star Chips, but were stopped by  Saruwatari , who claimed Yugi was to be disqualified. He informed them that four participants had already collected ten Star Chips, Keith, Jonouchi and a third, who had left to collect the fourth, and that the other participants had all left the island. [86] 
 Jonouchi tried convincing Yugi to take five of his Star Chips, but Yugi would not accept. Mai then arrived and offered Yugi the six additional Star Chips she had earned, in order to repay her debt. [86]  Yugi still refused to accept, insisting it was was not something Dark Yugi would do. Jonouchi told Yugi that he should not feel inferior to Dark Yugi and that he was fighting for things more important than "Duelist's pride". Mai said that while she had collected the extra Star Chips, hoping it would give her the right to face Yugi, she had also done it with the hope of seeing Yugi and his friends again, as she was happy that they had considered her to be their friend. Yugi finally accepted the Star Chips and Jonouchi offered to kick Dark Yugi's butt, if he was to complain. [87] 
 Upon entering Pegasus Castle, Yugi and his friends spotted  Bandit Keith , who directed their attention to a Duel between Kaiba and Pegasus, which was about to start. [88]  Seeing how Kaiba was fighting to save Mokuba, Yugi opted to support him and warned him of the " Dragon Capture Jar " in Pegasus' Deck. [89]  Yugi learned of Pegasus exclusive " Toon World " card. [90]  When Kaiba lost and his soul sealed in the card, " Soul Prison ", Yugi said that Kaiba's motives were no different than his or Jonouchi's and vowed to never forgive Pegasus. [91] 
 
 Night 2 
         Anzu treats Yugi's injuries.     
 During the night, Yugi heard noise coming from Jonouchi's room and went in to check it out. He found Keith, who tried to quieten Yugi by punching him, but Jonouchi woke up and fought Keith off. Keith then left, without them knowing that he had taken Jonouchi's participation card, " The Honor of the King's Right ". [92] 
 While Anzu tended to Yugi's face, where Keith had hit him, he admitted to feeling embarrassed, having to always be helped; by her, Jonouchi and Dark Yugi. He reminded her how she had said that he was fine the way he was, but insisted that he could not stay that way. He said that he could not protect her that way and that he intended to become stronger one way; strong enough to not lose to Dark Yugi. [92] 
 
 Day 3 
         Sugoroku says that the two Yugis complete each others' hearts.     
 On the final day of the tournament, Yugi spoke with Sugoroku and vowed to defeat Pegasus and return Sugoroku to his body. Sugoroku informed Yugi that a Duelist's self-esteem can turn into pride and dig their own grave. He believed that Yugi and Dark Yugi balanced each other's hearts and that when Dark Yugi becomes overconfident and loses his sense of justice, it becomes Yugi's duty to help. [93] 
 Dark Yugi initially played poorly in his semifinal Duel against Mai. But as Mai informed him that a Duelist's courage is tested in defeat, not victory, he realized that he had been afraid to lose against Kaiba, while Yugi had not. He saw that Yugi's strength had made up for his own weakness and that the two of them fight best together. [94]  He proceeded to win the Duel. [95] 
 After Jonouchi defeated Keith, a final Duel between Yugi and Jonouchi was deemed unnecessary and Yugi immediately advanced to face Pegasus. [96] 
 
         Yugi and Dark Yugi meet inside their  soul room  for the first time.     
 Dark Yugi struggled against Pegasus'  Mind Scan , during their Duel. However Yugi managed to speak with Dark Yugi inside their  soul room  for the first time. He suggested that Pegasus might only be able to read one mind at a time and proposed the  Mind Shuffle  strategy, where they would take turns making moves. This way after one Yugi made a move, Pegasus would only be able to read the mind of the other Yugi, who would not know what move the first Yugi had made.
 Using the Mind Shuffle strategy, the Yugis mislead Pegasus as to which of the " Magical Hats " " Dark Magician " was hidden under and Yugi  Set  2 cards, without Pegasus knowing what they were. This prompted Pegasus to use " Magic Neutralizing Force " to get rid of the hats, before trying to attack the "Dark Magician". However this allowed Yugi to use the cards he had Set, " Living Arrow ", causing "Magic Neutralizing Force" to nullify the effects of "Toon World" and " Mirror Force " to destroy Pegasus' monsters, which were no longer protected by "Toon World". [97] 
 Pegasus commended Yugi's strategy and regarded him as worthy of possessing a  Millennium Item . He then said that he would Duel Yugi with the power and respect he deserved and changed the Duel to a  Shadow Game . He told Yugi that ancient Egyptian magicians used to seal monsters in tablets and use them to battle and that he created  Duel Monsters  to recreate those battles in the modern world. [98] 
 
         Yugi collapses under the exhaustive nature of the Shadow Game.     
 Dark Yugi knew that Yugi's heart would not be strong enough for the burden of maintaining the monsters' ethereal, but Yugi insisted on fighting. He spent some time in control to stop Pegasus reading Dark Yugi's mind, but the Duel proved physically draining for him. Before collapsing, he Set a card, telling Dark Yugi to use it to defeat Pegasus. [98]  Pegasus declared that Yugi's soul had died, but Anzu remembered Yugi telling her that as long as one Yugi's soul lived, the other would live too. Since Dark Yugi was still alive, she deduced that Yugi was alive too. [99] 
 
         Yugi and Dark Yugi defeat Pegasus.     
 With Yugi disengaged, Pegasus continued to read Dark Yugi's mind, until one turn where an apparition of Dark Yugi's friends, including Yugi, began blocking his powers. Yugi slowly regained consciousness, in time for Dark Yugi to play the card he had Set, " Dark Magic Ritual ", [99]  which was critical in their strategies to stop " Jigen Bakudan " exploding and defeat " Thousand-Eyes Restrict ", which led to their victory. [100] 
 As agreed, Pegasus released the souls of Sugoroku, Kaiba and Mokuba and had his men get Yugi's prize money, [101]  which Dark Yugi gave to Jonouchi. [102]  Pegasus also told Dark Yugi how he acquired the  Millennium Eye  and that the Millennium Items contain an evil intelligence. [101]  Although Dark Yugi himself came from a Millennium Item, Yugi assured him that it did not matter where he came from; he was glad to have him. [102] 
 Yugi and his friends met Kaiba and Mokuba after their souls had been restored. Kaiba admitted that he owed Yugi for saving Mokuba, but told him to tell Dark Yugi that their battle was not over yet. When Bakura reported that there were no boats on the island, Kaiba begrudgingly agreed to let them ride in his helicopter, but insisted that they would be even once they got back to Japan. As they flew over the ocean, Yugi bade a silent farewell to Duelist Kingdom. [102] 
 
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
         Yugi discusses wearing the Millennium Puzzle on a chain, with Dark Yugi.     
 Yugi replaced the string he used to wear the  Millennium Puzzle  with a chain, which he felt represented the bond between him and  Dark Yugi . As he discussed the new look with Dark Yugi,  his mother , unaware of Dark Yugi's existence, noted that Yugi had been talking to himself a lot. [103] 
 Despite his grandfather,  Sugoroku , feeling his business was threatened by the new game store, the  Black Crown , Yugi insisted that he and  Anzu  have a look at the store on their way to school, the day before it opened. There he learned that a new game, abbreviated  D.D.M.  was to be released. [103] 
 
         Yugi, unhappy with  Ryuji Otogi 's bets     
 Having went up a grade, there were some new students in Yugi's class, including  Ryuji Otogi , whose popularity made  Jonouchi  jealous. Ryuji proposed  a bet  with Jonouchi, where the loser would do the others bidding for a week. Ryuji had to move a  die  from inside an upside-down cup to his hand without touching the cup. Yugi coped on to Ryuji's ploy, when he tempted Jonouchi into moving the cup, but Jonouchi fell for it and gave Ryuji an opportunity to grab the die. [103]  Yugi argued that the game was not fair, but Ryuji explained that his actions fell within the rules. [104] 
 Yugi was unsuccessful in talking Jonouchi out playing another game with Ryuji,  Four Aces . Jonouchi lost and Ryuji proceeded to issue orders and humiliate him, prompting Dark Yugi to challenge Ryuji to a game for Jonouchi's freedom. Yugi asked Dark Yugi if he planned on playing Four Aces and admitted his suspicions that the game may be rigged. Dark Yugi confirmed and explained how the apparent 50-50 chance of winning was in fact a one-in-three chance. After modifying the rules to balance the odds, Dark Yugi defeated Ryuji. [104] 
 Yugi attended the Black Crown grand opening with Anzu,  Ryo Bakura  and Jonouchi. As they queued up, unaware that Sugoroku was behind him, Yugi asked the others not to tell him that he was shopping there and blamed the lack of popularity of  his family's store  on Sugoroku's old-fashioned taste in games. [105] 
 
         Yugi, accused of shoplifting     
 Inside the store, Yugi got separated from the others and was constantly cut in front of. However  Mr. Clown  moved Yugi up in the queue and discretely slipped  D.D.M  packets into Yugi's pocket. Security then pulled Yugi into an office, where they accused him of stealing the packets and confiscated the Millennium Puzzle. Yugi was then brought to another room, where he he met Ryuji, who informed him he was the creator of  D.D.M. ,  Dungeon Dice Monsters , and imposed a game. [105] 
 Ryuji handed Yugi a briefcase, filled with dice and instructed him to assemble a  pool  of twelve. Yugi choose a mixture of blue, white, black dice for Warriors, Spellcasters and special abilities. Each player was given a  Dungeon Master  with three Life Points and each turn they were dealt three of the dice they had chosen. [105]  Without the Millennium Puzzle, Yugi had to play without Dark Yugi's aid. He got Ryuji to promise to return the Puzzle, if he won. [106] 
 By rolling at least two Summon Crests per turn, Ryuji was able to dimension his dice, unfolding them into a path on the board and revealing the creatures inside. He quickly managed to Summon four creatures, before Yugi, who had chosen high-level dice, managed to Summon his first. [106] 
 
         Yugi  faces  Ryuji in  Dungeon Dice Monsters .     
 Although Yugi's monsters were of a higher level, Ryuji's knowledge of the game allowed him to overpower Yugi at first. As Yugi started to doubt he had a chance, Ryuji explained that he knew Yugi fulfilled a prophecy, by completing the Millennium Puzzle, earning him the title "King of Games", and that he had defeated numerous opponents using the Puzzle's power. He said that he had stolen the Puzzle in order to test Yugi's true power and demanded that he not be disappointed. Yugi asked how Ryuji knew about the Millennium Puzzle and was told that Ryuji's father, Mr. Clown, had been Sugoroku's apprentice. Ryuji said that Clown had challenged Sugoroku to the  Devil's Board Game  for the ownership of the Puzzle, only to lose and that he and Yugi were now fighting a battle which had been passed down through the generations. [107] 
 Yugi placed the die for " Iron Golem Gorogon " on the field, without dimensioning it and baited Ryuji's monsters into lining up, at the cost of a Life Point. He then played "Gorogon", whose effect destroyed Ryuji's two monsters that were in line with it. [107]  Ryuji played " Flame Armor Dragon ", which Yugi defeated with " Duker of Twin Swords ". However this was a deliberate sacrifice to block Yugi's dice path, leaving with little room to dimension more dice. [108] 
 Ryuji dimensioned a rare black die, placing a " Warp Crest " on the field and hoped to play another one to easily teleport his monsters closer to Yugi's Dungeon Master. However Yugi also dimensioned a rare black die, completing the warp path and teleporting his " Black Ninja " to Ryuji's territory, [108]  where it defeated " Dark Eye Stalker " and took out one of Ryuji's Life Points. [109] 
 
         Mr. Clown  breaks the Millennium Puzzle before Yugi.     
 By rolling a triple crest, Ryuji Summoned " God Orgoth " at LV4 and used three Magic Crests to raise its ATK to 2000. Yugi also three Magic Crests to allow "Black Ninja" to dodge an attack from "Orgoth", allowing "Black Ninja" to attack Ryuji's Dungeon Master again next turn, leaving him with one Life Point. [109] 
 Mr. Clown entered the room, annoyed that Ryuji was having trouble defeating Yugi and forbade Ryuji from losing. As Clown argued with Yugi about returning the Puzzle, Ryuji asked him to stay out of the fight and not get in the way. Intent on helping Ryuji, Clown disassembled the Millennium Puzzle to break Yugi's will to fight. [109]  Yugi wept and asked how Clown could break his other heart. Disapproving of his father's actions, Ryuji apologized to Yugi and helped him pick up the pieces. Nevertheless, he resumed the game and maintained that the winner would keep the Puzzle. [110] 
 
         Dark Bakura, confident that Yugi will win, despite his disadvantageous position     
 "God Orgoth" proceeded to slay all of Yugi's monsters, bar "Duker of Twin Swords". As, Yugi began to wonder if he was really going to lose,  Dark Bakura  entered the room and asserted that Ryuji would be incapable of handling the Puzzle. Yugi realized that  Ryo Bakura  was being possessed again, but Dark Bakura claimed to now be his friend, having turned over a new leaf. He examined the board and acknowledged that Yugi was in a bad, but not hopeless situation and believed that Yugi, powerful enough to be the Puzzle's chosen host, would win. [110] 
 Yugi was suspicious about Dark Bakura's claims to be an ally, but decided to focus on winning the game. Yugi spent all his Attack Crests to make "Duker of Twin Swords" stronger than "Orgoth", but Ryuji blocked his attack with "Anagora". "Orgoth" progressed, destroying "Duker" and attack Yugi's Dungeon Master. Yugi thought there was no longer any way he could win the game and Ryuji began trying to reassemble the Puzzle, but Dark Bakura remained confident that Yugi would win. [111] 
 Yugi noticed a space on the board capable of fitting on oddly-unfolded dice and used it to Summon " Armor Wizard Pazoo ". [111]  As Yugi struggled to think of how he could defeat "Orgoth" with such a weak monster, Dark Bakura told him that this was another test to see that he was the true successor to the Millennium Puzzle. He claimed that there was only one person capable of solving the Puzzle and chosen for the duty of awakening the King's, Dark Yugi's, memories and that person is Yugi. [111] 
 Yugi used his monster's secret power, which turned itself into a shield his Dungeon Master used to block the next attack from "Orgoth" and then a sword, which defeated "Orgoth", winning the game for Yugi. [112] 
 
         Mr. Clown takes Yugi to a room to play the  Devil's Board Game .     
 Yugi explained that it was not a desire for the power of the Puzzle, but his wish to be reunited with Dark Yugi, that led to his victory. [112]  As Dark Bakura picked up the Puzzle pieces to return to them to Yugi, Yugi acknowledged that he would not have won without his support and thought that he would like to think Dark Bakura is a friend. Unbeknownst to Yugi, Dark Bakura used his  Parasite Mind  ability to seal a part of his soul in a piece of the Puzzle. Despite losing, Ryuji said he had no regrets and could not hate Yugi. [113] 
 
         Yugi not letting go of the Millennium Puzzle, as Jonouchi rescues him     
 Pretending to apologize, Clown put the Puzzle's chain around Yugi's neck. However he tightened it and dragged Yugi into a secret room, where he locked the door and pinning down a piece of the Puzzle by its chain. He prepared to face Yugi in the  Devil's Board Game  to make him suffer the same hyper aging it had inflicted on him. Clown tried to reconstruct the Millennium Puzzle himself, hoping to use its power to win the game. Yugi urged him to stop, warning him that he was angering the Puzzle. Clown began to suffer hallucinations, causing him to knock over the candles, setting the room on fire. [113] 
 Yugi saved Mr. Clown by rolling him on the floor to stop his clothes burning. The door was jammed, leaving them unable to escape until Jonouchi and Honda arrived and broke the door open. With a piece of the Puzzle still pinned to the table, Yugi could not take it with him. Despite his friends suggestions, Yugi refused to leave without seeing Dark Yugi once more  to apologize and began to reassemble the Puzzle. He quickly completed the Puzzle, but collapsed as he inserted the last piece. Jonouchi tried to carry him out, but could not loosen Yugi's grip from the chain. Using the Devil's Board Game board as a level, he was able to pull the pin out and rescue Yugi. [114] 
 
 
 Battle City 
 Prior events 
         Bakura and Yugi discover that  Ishizu Ishtar  has a Millennium Item.     
 Following the fire at the  Black Crown , Yugi spent some time, recovering at  Domino City Hospital . Over the course of three days, he and  Dark Yugi  assembled a new  Duel Monsters  Deck. When visited by his friends, he Dueled Jonouchi, who had left his Deck unchanged since  Duelist Kingdom . Having come up with a strategy to counter it, he was able to beat Jonouchi each time and suggested that he build a new Deck. Yugi was shown a newspaper advertisement for  The Art of Egypt , by a man, who noticed the similarity between Yugi's  Millennium Puzzle  and an item worn by  Ishizu Ishtar  in the advertisement. Yugi was certain that this was a  Millennium Item  and that something big was about to happen. [115] 
 Before leaving the hospital, Yugi spoke with Dark Yugi about what  Dark Bakura  concerning Yugi having the duty of awakening the king's memories. He asked Dark Yugi if he was king, but Dark Yugi had no memory of where he came from. He suggested that going to  the store tablet  in Egypt for the Millennium Items might help him. Yugi dropped the subject and the two agreed that they would rather stay together forever than have Dark Yugi regain his memories. Yugi wept and offered to share his memories with Dark Yugi. [116] 
 
         Yugi's level 8 rating qualifies him for a Duel Disk and tournament entry.     
 After the hospital, Yugi noticed that Dark Yugi had been feeling uneasy, but unwilling to talk about it. At school, he asked Anzu if she was free that Sunday to spend time with Dark Yugi to cheer him up. Yugi put on some  accessories  and told Dark Yugi he was meeting Anzu, before saying it was actually Dark Yugi's date. [117]  While visiting The Art of Egypt exhibition, Dark Yugi and Anzu learned that Dark Yugi was the soul of a Pharaoh, but decided not to tell Yugi, as he they felt he was not ready to accept the consequences of Dark Yugi regaining his memory. [118] 
 Yugi learned about  Kaiba Corporation 's  Battle City  tournament from Dark Yugi and decided to enter, hoping it would give him a chance to face Kaiba in a fair Duel. Knowing Dark Yugi's distaste for playing with an  ante , Yugi found it odd that he also wanted to enter and suspected he had another reason. The day before the tournament, Yugi and Jonouchi went to the  RPG Hobby Trading Cards  shop to collect  Duel Disks , which were necessary to participate. Having the highest possible Duelist level in Kaiba Corporation's Duelist database, Yugi was entitled to a free Duel Disk. [119] 
 At home, Yugi spent some reviewing Jonouchi's new Deck and after Jonouchi left, [119]  the Yugis stayed up all right working on their Deck. [120] 
 
 Preliminaries 
 The morning of the tournament, Dark Yugi confessed that he was fighting to find himself in Battle City and that he would need Yugi's help. Yugi respected his decision to not be more specific and hoped to go with him to find the answer. [120] 
 At the beginning of the preliminaries, Yugi, as Dark Yugi, defeated the  Rare Hunter ,  who had taken  Jonouchi's " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " and learned about their enemy  Marik Ishtar , who used the  Millennium Rod  to control people and entered the tournament to get the  God cards . [121] [122] 
 As Dark Yugi sought out Marik's Rare Hunter Ghoul underlings, Yugi expressed concern regarding Jonouchi Dueling without the "Red-Eyes Black Dragon". Dark Yugi explained that by holding onto the card they were bringing out Jonouchi's true strength, by giving him something to fight for. Yugi agreed and thought Jonouchi would be fine. As Dark Yugi wondered how the Rare Hunters knew Jonouchi had "Red-Eyes", Yugi remembered that the  clerk  at the card shop had seen data on their cards before he gave them the Duel Disks, leading them to suspect the shop was a front for Rare Hunters. [123] 
 
         Yugi saves  Pandora .     
 At the basement of the card shop [124]  Dark Yugi defeated  Pandora  in a Duel, where the loser's feet were to be sawn off. Marik stopped Pandora from saving himself, but Yugi took back control of his body and unlocked the shackles around Pandora's feet, freeing him. [125] 
 Marik took control of Pandora to speak to Yugi, whom he referred to as "the vessel". He told Yugi that his family had protected the Millennium Items and memories of a king, who would be risen and identified by having the three God cards. However, since this duty had brought suffering on his family, he planned to kill the king in vengeance and wield the God cards to become the new king. Now knowing that Dark Yugi was fighting to regain his memories, Yugi thought again about how this could mean their separation, but ultimately decided it was the right option to pursue. Marik warned Yugi that he would be killing him too and that while he was still on his way to  Domino City , he had a Rare Hunter, the " Doll ", with a God card in the city ready for them. [125] 
 
         Marik  speaks with Yugi through  the Doll .     
 When Dark Yugi proposed that they wait for their enemies to appear, Yugi disagreed, fearing that they could be planning something. He admitted to knowing the Ghouls were trying to kill Dark Yugi and that Dark Yugi had entered the tournament to recover his memories and felt it was his duty to help Dark Yugi. [126] 
 Yugi was approached by the Doll, possessed by Marik, who imposed a Duel. Yugi warned Dark Yugi about the God card, " Slifer the Sky Dragon ", [127]  which Dark Yugi proceeded to win through the ante rule, but then learned his friends lives were in danger. [128] 
 Dark Yugi defeated a few more Rare Hunters, qualifying him and Yugi for the final rounds. [129] [130] [131] 
 
 Brainwashed Jonouchi 
         Yugi Dueling Jonouchi, who has been brainwashed by Marik     
 Dark Yugi was forced into a Duel against Jonouchi, possessed by Marik, in which the loser would be dragged to the bottom of the sea. [132]  Determined to help, Jonouchi, Yugi insisted that he fight this Duel. Dark Yugi allowed him, but stipulated that he would take over if Yugi's life was in serious danger. With Dark Yugi being the one he wanted revenge on, Marik demanded that he switch back, but Yugi refused. [133] 
 Yugi used " Exchange " while holding " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", a card of sentimental value to Jonouchi. He hoped showing it to Jonouchi would invoke true heart. It was enough to make Jonouchi disobey Marik's order and take a card other than "Red-Eyes". Yugi then Summoned "Red-Eyes" and claimed it wanted Jonouchi to revert to his old self. [134] 
 As the Duel got more intense, Dark Yugi wanted to take over, but Yugi removed the Millennium Puzzle, uncoupling his control. [134]  Dark Yugi warned him of the dangers, but Yugi said that he trusted Jonouchi. He also felt that he needed to independently become stronger for Dark Yugi to ever be able to leave him. [135] 
 Knowing he would not bring himself to defeat and kill Jonouchi, Yugi gave the Puzzle to Jonouchi to ensure it would not get dragged to the bottom of the sea. As Marik ordered Jonouchi to throw away pieces of the Puzzle, it reminded Jonouchi of how he had become friends with Yugi, allowing his true self to resist the order. [136] 
 
         Yugi and Jonouchi, getting pulled underwater and Jonouchi uncuffing Yugi     
 With one minute left in the Duel's time limit, Yugi, certain that have Jonouchi fully overcome Marik's control, declared Marik to be the true loser; a failure to be branded in his memory even if Yugi and Jonouchi were both to be pulled into the ocean. He then urged Marik to try and defeat him. Marik responded by playing " Meteor of Destruction ", but Yugi activated " Mystical Rift Panel ", allowing him to choose the target of the meteor. Expecting it to be redirected to Jonouchi, Marik thought he had lost the Duel. Jonouchi then fully snapped out of Marik's control and asked why he and Yugi were fighting, but Yugi replied that they were not really fighting each other; Jonouchi was fighting Marik's influence, while Yugi was ensuring they stayed friends and that they had both won. Yugi let Jonouchi know that he loved him and was grateful for everything he had thought him, before finally choosing himself as the target of the meteor, causing Yugi to lose the Duel. [137] 
 As an anchor was about to pull Yugi and Jonouchi into the ocean, Yugi, before falling unconscious, instructed Jonouchi to use the key, he had unlocked as winner, to uncuff himself from the anchor. However Jonouchi got "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" to attack causing himself to also be defeated, unlocking Yugi's key too. [137]  Jonouchi grabbed Yugi's key just before they both got pulled into the water and used it to free Yugi. While  Mokuba  pulled Yugi onto the pier,  Kaiba  dropped the other key into the water to allow Jonouchi to free himself. [138] 
 Jonouchi felt bad, but Yugi told him not to blame himself. [138]  After the Millennium Puzzle was returned to Yugi, Dark Yugi thought to himself that he had learned from Yugi that in kindness lies the greatest strength of all and that one day Yugi would surpass him in every way. As Kaiba left for the finals, he asked Yugi to tell Dark Yugi that Yugi and his friends had given him "the answer". [139] 
 
 Battle Ship 
         Yugi and Jonouchi doubt their suspicions of " Namu ", when Anzu calls him a friend.     
 Yugi, Anzu, Jonouchi,  Honda ,  Ryuji  and  Shizuka  all squeezed into  Mai 's car to travel to  Domino Stadium  for the finals. Yugi was surprised to see  Bakura  arrive as a finalist, [140]  as he had been in the hospital earlier that day. Yugi was suspicious of Bakura's participation and thought that it momentarily looked like Bakura had been controlled by  Dark Bakura . He also got bad vibes from the finalist, Namu, who was actually Marik undercover, but when Bakura and Anzu identified him as a friend, Yugi dropped his distrust. Bakura showed Yugi his  Millennium Ring  reacting to the proximity of another  Millennium Item , as  Rishid , posing as Marik arrived as another finalist. The finalists and companions then boarded the  Battle Ship  blimp, the stage for the next round, when it landed in the stadium. [141] 
 Prior to the quarterfinals, Yugi added " Slifer the Sky Dragon " to his Deck, partly following advice from Kaiba. The first quarterfinal Duel featured Yugi and Bakura, each controlled by their alternate serves. [142] [143]  Dark Yugi won the Duel, but noted his similarity to Dark Bakura in terms of protecting his host. However Yugi felt they were different as unlike the Bakuras, the desire to help each other was shared by both Yugis. Yugi took back control of his body and declined his permission to take one of Bakura's cards via the  ante . In analysis of the Duel, Yugi discussed Dark Bakura seemingly putting Bakura in danger, only to pull him back to safety and concluded it was actually Marik, who had exposed Bakura to the danger. [144] 
 
         Yugi, in Jonouchi's dream     
 In Jonouchi's quarterfinal against Rishid, Yugi witnessed Jonouchi expose Rishid as not being Marik. [145] [146]  During the Duel, Jonouchi and Rishid were knocked unconscious by  Ra , causing Jonouchi to have a dream, featuring his friends, including Yugi, helping him get ready for a tournament. With Rishid's defeat, Yugi also witnessed the real Marik becoming exposed and controlled by  Dark Marik . [147] 
 Dark Yugi stayed in control of Yugi's body for the remaining two quarterfinals, seeing Dark Marik defeat Mai and Kaiba defeat  Ishizu . [148] [149] 
 When Yugi and his friends went to visit Mai, who had been comatose, following her Duel with Dark Marik, they were accompanied by Ishizu. As Ishizu told them about her family enduring suffering in the line of their duty, Yugi realized that she was Marik's sister and asked her about Marik's motives. She told them about her family protecting the Millennium Items, a painful ritual Marik had to endure, them meeting a man, [150]  whom Yugi recognized as  Shadi , and Dark Marik's first surfacing, in which he killed  their father . [151]  With the  Millennium Tauk  no longer working for her, Ishizu passed it on to Yugi and said that he would need it to get all seven Millennium Items to awaken Dark Yugi's memories. [152] 
 
         Yugi meets Dark Yugi in his  soul room , while spied on by Dark Bakura's "shadow".     
 Yugi had trouble sleeping that night, thinking of what Ishizu said. He assured Dark Yugi that they would collect all the Items and awaken his memory and insisted that they get some sleep, while he secretly wept. [152] 
 After falling asleep, Yugi found himself inside his  soul room . He sensed something bad happening in Dark Yugi's soul room and went inside for the first time. He got a freight when Dark Yugi appeared behind him. Dark Yugi got the same uneasy feeling as Yugi and unbeknownst to them, they were watched by the portion of Dark Bakura's soul that had been sealed in the Puzzle, before its latest reassembly. Dark Yugi asked if Yugi found it odd that his room was a maze, but he said it made sense considering Dark Yugi had no memories, he did not know which path led to his true heart. Dark Yugi told him about the time Shadi  had trespassed , looking for the door that led to the true soul room, but not even Dark Yugi knew of the door's location. Yugi suspected the door was related to the lost memories, before agreeing to return to his own room to get some sleep. [153] 
 
 
 Duel Tower 
         Yugi, stunned by Jonouchi's apparent death     
 The Battle Ship landed on the island,  Alcatraz , whose  Duel Tower  was the location of the next round of the tournament. Yugi, as Dark Yugi faced the other semifinalists in a  battle royal , to determine the pairings for the semifinals, [154]  resulting in Jonouchi facing Dark Marik and Yugi facing Kaiba. [155] 
 Jonouchi was left unconscious and declared dead by Dark Marik, following their Duel. While Yugi and Dark Yugi grieved, they noticed the Millennium Tauk glowing. Its power of foresight showed them a future, where Dark Yugi and Jonouchi prepared for a friendly Duel. [156] 
 When Dark Yugi defeated Kaiba in the second quarterfinal, the Yugis got the God card, " The God of the Obelisk ", and qualified for the finals. After the Duel, they were relieved to find that Jonouchi had recovered. [157] 
 
         Dark Yugi and  Dark Marik  Duel, with Yugi and Marik as sacrifices.     
 Dark Marik turned the final Duel into a  Shadow Game , where Yugi and Marik appeared out-of-body next to Dark Yugi and Dark Marik respectively, as sacrifices. As players lost  Life Points  their corresponding sacrifice would synchronously disappear into darkness, suffering pain in the process and dying upon full consumption when their player loses. Unlike the Mariks, Yugi's death would also result in Dark Yugi's death. [158] 
 Marik apologized to the Yugis for his misguided hatred and urged them to defeat Dark Marik, despite it meaning his death, but Yugi remained adamant that they save Marik. He theorized that they could exploit an effect of his God card, " The Sun Dragon Ra "; its ability to fuse with a player would result in Dark Marik being treated as a  monster . [159]  With that in mind, Dark Yugi prepared to use " Dimension Magic " to destroy the fusion of "Ra" and Dark Marik. The Yugis were hesitant to proceed, realizing Marik lacked to willpower to survive with 1 Life Point. Following a motivation boost from  Rishid , Marik convinced Dark Yugi to continue. [160]  With "Ra" and Dark Marik, defeated, Marik remained as the Yugis opponent, with Dark Marik as his sacrifice. He then surrendered the Duel, vanquishing Dark Marik, resulting in Yugi winning the tournament. [161] 
 Marik gave the Yugis the "The Sun Dragon Ra", the  Millennium Rod  and the  Millennium Ring , he had acquired from  Dark Bakura . He also showed them his back, which had a prophecy for the pharaoh tattooed onto it. [162] 
 The group boarded the Battle Ship to return to Japan, after Kaiba announced that Alcatraz was to self-destruct. Yugi agreed with Dark Yugi's decision to lie to  Bakura  about not knowing where the Millennium Ring was, [163]  but Bakura found it and took it back when the group split up to look for the Kaibas. [164] 
 
 Project R.A. 
   The following events from  Yu-Gi-Oh! R  are of disputed canon. 
 At school, Yugi was challenged to a Duel by a  Solid Vision  projection of [165]   Pegasus ' protégé, [166]   Yako Tenma .  Dark Yugi  took control and accepted the Duel. [165]  After showing Yugi the  Wicked God  card, " The Wicked Avatar ", Yako ended the Duel and revealed that he had kidnapped  Anzu . He intended to use her as a sacrifice for  Project R.A.  and instructed Yugi to come to the  KaibaCorp  head office, if he wanted to save her. [166] 
 As Dark Yugi and accompanied by  Jonouchi  and  Honda , Yugi went to  KaibaCorp  headquarters. [167]  After Dark Yugi defeated three of Yako's  Card Professor  minions, Yugi assured him that Jonouchi and Honda, whom they had been separated from would be fine. [168]  While searching for the next Card Professor, Yugi asked  Maico Kato  if she had seen a Duelist. He assumed her to be a bystander due to her age, but to his surprise discovered she was a Card Professor. Yugi switched back to Dark Yugi and defeated her in a Duel. [169] 
 
 Pharaoh's Memory 
 God card theft 
         Sugoroku speaks with Yugi about the  God cards  and his duty.     
 Yugi's grandfather,  Sugoroku , grew very fond of Yugi's  God cards  and frequently asked to see them. Yugi allowed him, but declined his request to put them on display in  the store . He let slip a mention of  Dark Yugi  when telling his grandfather that he did not know the life or death Duels they had to go through to earn the God cards. However he was surprised to find that Sugoroku already knew that the pharaoh's soul resided in Yugi's body. Sugoroku informed Yugi that it was the fate of the one who solved the Millennium Puzzle to be endlessly tested and encouraged Yugi to never give up. [170] 
 Yugi made plans to visit  Domino City Museum , knowing that  the slab  there and the God cards were linked to Dark Yugi regaining his memories. He found it hard to sleep the night before and thought about what Sugoroku and  Dark Bakura  had told him about his duty. Dark Yugi also had trouble sleeping and assured Yugi that no matter what, he would treasure the memories of his time with Yugi and their friends. [170] 
 
         Yugi finds  the thief , knocked out by Dark Bakura.     
 After Yugi managed to fall asleep, he was awoken by  a burglar , who grabbed the  Millennium Puzzle box , containing the God cards, and left the house. Yugi made chase and maintained that this was his duty when Dark Yugi tried to take control. By the time Yugi caught up, the burglar had been attacked by Dark Bakura. [170] 
 Dark Bakura returned the cards to Yugi, but scolded him for allowing them to be taken. Yugi thanked him, but drew attention to the fact that he had the  Millennium Ring . Dark Bakura was aware that Yugi would be needing the ring eventually and promised to return it when that time came, but no sooner. As a pledge of allegiance, he gave the  Millennium Eye  to Yugi. [170]  Yugi asked what happens when the  Millennium Items  are placed inside the  Memory Tablet , to which Dark Bakura replied that the doors to the underworld would open. Still cautious about trusting Dark Bakura, Yugi asked why he was helping. Dark Bakura claimed that like the pharaoh, he was a 3000-year-old spirit sealed in a Millennium Item, wanting to move on. Before parting, Dark Bakura said that  Bakura  was looking forward to going to the museum with Yugi tomorrow and that he would be watching from the shadows. [171] 
 The next day at school,  Jonouchi  told Yugi that his VCR had been fixed and asked if he could have the  Video Girl♡  tape back, but Yugi thought his grandfather had taken it. They were both caught off guard by  Anzu , who asked what they were talking about. [171] 
 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
         Yugi realizes that Dark Yugi has left his body.     
 After school, Dark Yugi presented the God cards to the slab at the museum, [172]  causing his consciousness to be separated from Yugi and taken to a table to play the  Shadow RPG . [173]  Yugi was left worried as he reported no trace of Dark Yugi in the  Millennium Puzzle  or his heart, [174]  but  Bobasa  informed Yugi and his friends that Dark Yugi had traveled to the  World of Memories , where he was to re-experience his life as pharaoh, including his death. [175] 
 Intent on helping Dark Yugi, Yugi and his friends asked Bobasa to take them to the World of Memories. [175]  Using the  Millennium Key , he transported Yugi, Anzu, Jonouchi and Honda to Dark Yugi's  soul room , while Bakura, who failed the  Millennium Scales  character test was refused entry, despite Yugi's wishes. [176] 
 
         Yugi, looking for the "true door" in Dark Yugi's soul room     
 They awoke in the soul room, which was a maze of doors and stairs. [177]  Yugi wondered if it would be possible for them to do anything of consequence in the World of Memories, considering they did not exist in this part of the pharaoh's memories and Bobasa informed them that it would be their duty to find the pharaoh's name, hidden within his subconscious. [178] 
 While searching for the "true door", which would lead to the World of Memories, [177]  Yugi opened a door, which led to a moment in Dark Yugi's past, where he nearly killed  Kaiba  during  Duelist Kingdom . Yugi thought that the doors contained Dark Yugi's feelings, as he felt a jab to his chest from opening that door. As the group grew frustrated trying to find the right door, Yugi theorized that the maze was a reflection of their own hearts, not Dark Yugi's, resulting in its complexity increasing in sync with their uneasiness. He got the group to put their hands together in unity and focus on their goal. This caused a new door, which led them to the World of Memories. [179]  Unbeknownst to them, they were followed by the portion of Dark Bakura's soul, which had been sealed in the Millennium Puzzle. [180] 
 
 
 Shadow RPG 
 Ka hunt 
         Yugi, Jonouchi, Honda and Anzu's unconscious bodies in coffins, during the  Shadow RPG     
 The group consciously found themselves in an Ancient Egyptian street, where they were invisible to the locals and would pass through certain matter that they tried to touch. [180]  Their unconscious bodies were placed inside coffins in another room of the museum, [173]  while they unknowingly became non-player characters in the Shadow RPG, which was set in the World of Memories. [181] 
 In the game world, Yugi and his companions happened upon  Kisara , who was being stoned by a group of people. They tried to intervene, but were incapable of interacting with the local people. Kisara was instead rescued by  Seto , whom they recognized as looking like  Seto Kaiba . [182] 
 
 Battle with Thief Bakura 
         Yugi and his friends meet Dark Yugi, the pharaoh.     
 Yugi and his friends followed Seto and his men to the palace, but were unable to enter, as it was protected by the will of Dark Yugi, the pharaoh. [183]  They opted to wait outside the palace and were woken up that night by the sound of the pharaoh chasing  Bakura, King of Thieves  on horseback. [184] 
 Yugi eventually caught up with the pharaoh, whose  ka ,  Slifer the Sky Dragon , had just been defeated by Thief Bakura's  Diabound . Yugi shared his strength with the pharaoh, allowing him to summon  The Sun Dragon Ra , [185]  which defeated Diabound and Thief Bakura, diverging from how events played out in the pharaoh's past. Yugi and his friends were relieved to find that the pharaoh could see and remember them and Yugi informed him of their mission to find his real name. [186] 
 Using one of his  hourglasses  RPG items, [181]  Dark Bakura had time rewound to undo Yugi's interference. [186]  This time, the portion of Dark Bakura's soul that had been sealed in the Millennium Puzzle blocked Yugi from getting to the pharaoh. [187]  Dark Bakura explained that he was there to stop them saving the pharaoh, as was necessary for his progenitor  Zorc Necrophades  to enter the real world. He demonstrated their ability to manipulate matter in the memory world, by causing a  Duel Disk  to grow on his arm. Yugi and his friends also managed to create Duel Disks with Decks. The world was plunged into darkness following the pharaoh's defeat to Thief Bakura, [188]  abruptly ending their encounter with Dark Bakura. [189] 
 
 Zorc's awakening 
         As in RPGs, Yugi checks the bar for information.     
 Following role-playing game decorum, Yugi went to a bar, the  Winking Camel , to find information and overheard that the pharaoh was now in the village of thieves. [189] 
 While focused on another part of the RPG, Dark Bakura used another  hourglass  to freeze time. [181]  Everyone around Yugi and his companions became immobilized. As Anzu noted similarities to the  Shadow Game  they  had played  against Dark Bakura before, Yugi began to suspect the World of Memories' true nature as a game world. [190] 
 
         Yugi, Jonouchi, Anzu and Honda flying     
 Bobasa's body lit up as the  Millennium Items  had been placed inside the  stone . He warned Yugi that Zorc had been awakened, before transforming into  Hasan . [181]  Hasan informed Yugi and his friends that they could find the pharaoh's name in his tomb, before he flew away to protect the pharaoh. Figuring they could fly, if they were in a game world, Yugi leapt into the sky to quickly make way to the tomb at  Valley of the Kings . [191] 
 
 Duel with Dark Bakura 
 Inside  the tomb , Yugi warned his friends that there could be traps. After he, Anzu and Honda rescued Jonouchi, who tried flying over a pit, Yugi explained that like in  Duel Monsters , they could not fly in a dungeon. With time still frozen, they were safe from the moving statues, while they crossed the pit's maze-like bridge. However Yugi found a " Destiny Board "  Duel Monsters  card and realized somebody else was there. [192]  Time suddenly unfroze and the group had to rush to the end of the pit to avoid being attacked by the statues. [193] 
 
         Yugi Dueling Dark Bakura     
 At the bridge before the final room, they met Dark Bakura, the portion which had been inside the Millennium Puzzle. In order to pass, Yugi faced Dark Bakura in a  Shadow Game  of  Duel Monsters , in which the loser would die. The players composed Decks from 40 cards they imagined, with Yugi building a Deck distinctly different from what he had used alongside Dark Yugi. [193] 
 Yugi leveled up his " Silent Swordsman ", under the protection of " Marshmallon " and " Marshmallon Glasses ". Using " Turn Jump ", he neutralized the effect of Dark Bakura's " Death Spirit Zoma " and further leveled "Silent Swordsman", leaving Anzu and Jonouchi surprised by how strong Yugi was by himself. [194] 
 Dark Bakura used " All Killing Death Card ", [195]  while his field was heavily populated due to the effects of " Multiply " [196]  and " Accursed Necrotwins ", which caused his deceased monster to linger on the field, with no Graveyard. This caused Yugi to send massive amounts of cards from his own Deck to his Graveyard each turn. [195] 
 Yugi Summoned " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction " to clear the field, apart from "Silent Swordsman", which he protected with " Magic Barrier ". With "Silent Swordsman", he attacked and defeated Dark Bakura, [196]  banishing him to the shadows. [197] 
 
 Battle with Zorc 
 Using his final hourglass, Dark Bakura used Zorc's "Natural Catastrophe" ability, making the ground to sink in the World of Memories. This caused the pharaoh's tomb to begin collapsing, while Yugi and his friends were still inside. [197]  Before escaping they managed to find the pharaoh's name, but were unable to read the hieroglyphics. [198] 
 
         Yugi in the final battle against  Zorc Necrophades     
 The group managed to get out of the tomb and flew to the aid of the pharaoh, who was battling  Zorc Necrophades . [199]  This time Yugi employed the Deck he had built with the pharaoh and using his Duel Disk Summoned the  Dark Magician  from it to battle Zorc. Along with monsters Summoned by Jonouchi and Honda, they launched an unsuccessful attack on Zorc. As Zorc retaliated, the group were shielded by Hasan, who told them they would need to make the pharaoh see his name. Under the pressure of Zorc's attack, Hasan's mask broke, allowing Yugi and the others to see that he was  Shadi , just before he died. [198] 
 
         Yugi and his friends cause Atem's name to appear on the  cartouche .     
 Anzu instructed the others to concentrate on the hieroglyphs in order to etch them onto the  cartouche  pendant she had given the pharaoh. [198]  With that, the pharaoh learned his name was Atem and upon announcing it, the three Gods were Summoned from Yugi's Deck. Atem then united the gods into  The Creator God of Light, Horakhty , who quickly eradicated Zorc. [200] 
 Horakhty credited Yugi and his friends for protecting Atem and said that they had been the true keys to unlocking his name and driving back the shadows. With Atem having his own name, Yugi said that he was finally his own person, separate from Yugi. While it made him somewhat sad, he knew it had to be that way. Atem thanked Yugi and the others for their help, but with the world still collapsing from the "Natural Catastrophe", he urged them to find a way out of the World of Memories. Yugi did not want to leave without him, but Atem had to see the world of his memories through to its future and promised to come back after them.  Isis  and  Mana  bid Yugi, Anzu, Jonouchi and Honda farewell and thanked them as they flew to the Millennium Puzzle in the sky to exit the world. [201] 
 
 Aftermath 
 Yugi, Jonouchi, Anzu and Honda reawoke in the museum in the modern world and were soon joined by Atem, who returned to Yugi's body. They checked on Bakura, who was alive but unconscious. The Yugis took the Millennium Ring back from him again. [202] 
 As Atem picked up the Millennium Puzzle, he and Yugi agreed that it was "almost time". [202] 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 One month after the  Shadow RPG , Yugi,  Anzu ,  Jonouchi ,  Honda ,  Bakura ,  Ryuji  and  Sugoroku Mutou  traveled to Egypt. [202]  Yugi opted to continue calling Atem "other me", while they resided in the same body. [203] 
 
         Yugi learns about the  Ceremonial Battle .     
 They planned to fly with  Marik  and  Rishid  from Cairo to Luxor to get to the  Valley of the Kings . The airport at Luxor was closed due to a sandstorm, so  Ishizu  arranged for a ship from the government to take them. [203] 
 Yugi took out a photo the Ishtars had sent him earlier. They informed him that the photo depicted the door to the afterlife and that the surrounding hieroglyphics explained how to send the send the pharaoh's spirit to the afterlife. The door was to be opened by placing the  Millennium Items  in the  Memory Stone  and speaking the pharaoh's name and the pharaoh's spirit could not be put the rest, while carrying his sword. Yugi realized that this meant someone would have to defeat Atem in a  Ceremonial Battle . [203] 
 
         Yugi prepares his Deck.     
 Anzu who was uncomfortable with the idea of Atem leaving, tried talking to Yugi, but was unable to do so and changed the subject to Honda's medicine. Unable to sleep, Yugi went onto the ship's deck, where he met Jonouchi. Reminded of the journey to  Duelist Kingdom , Jonouchi spoke about how he had changed since then thanks to Atem. He joked that they should forget their mission and throw the Millennium Items overboard. Yugi thought he was serious for a moment and was reminded of  Insector Haga . Yugi then informed Jonouchi of his decision to be the one to fight Atem. [203] 
 Atem had heard Yugi and Marik talk about the battle, so he kept away to give Yugi privacy to build a Deck. When Yugi had done so, Atem surfaced. Yugi promised to use all his strength to beat Atem. He then warned him that he knew Atem's Deck's weak points, before giving him privacy to build his new Deck. [204] 
 
         Yugi and Atem separate into separate physical bodies.     
 The next morning, Yugi, Atem and their companions went to the  Shrine of the Underworld , where the tombkeepers clan gave them the remaining  Millennium Items , the  Key  and  Scales . When Atem placed all seven items in the  Tablet of the Pharaoh's Memories , the  Eye of Wadjet  shone upon him and split him and Yugi into separate bodies. [204]  Despite needing to lose to pass on, Atem intended to make every effort to win the Ceremonial Battle. [205] 
 Yugi quickly Summoned the three " Gadget " monsters with " Ties of the Brethren " and used them to power up " Stronghold the Moving Fortress ". However Atem held it back from  attacking , by using " Bounce " on Yugi's " Swords of Revealing Light ". [205]  Yugi was relieved at this point to see Atem was taking him seriously. [206] 
 
         The Ceremonial Battle.     
 Using " Tricky's Magic 4 ", Atem gathered enough  sacrifices  to Summon " The God of the Obelisk " and dispose of "Stronghold". Yugi used " Turn Jump " to power up " Silent Swordsman LV0 " and significantly weaken "Obelisk" with " Crumbling Axe ", resulting in the two monsters destroying each other. [206] 
 Yugi suspected Atem had only included one  God card . With it in the Graveyard, he predicted Atem would eventually use [207]  " Monster Reborn " [208] , so he selected it for " Gold Sarcophagus " in anticipation. [207] 
 Atem Summoned " Dark Magician " in order to defeat Yugi's " Marshmallon ". Having found it reassuring to have "Dark Magician" on his side before, Yugi recognized it as a strong enemy. He failed to destroy it with " Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ", due to Atem's " Mirror Force ". [207]  When "Dark Magician" attacked, Yugi played " Magician's Circle " to Summon " Silent Magician ", while Atem Summoned " Dark Magician Girl ". Atem combined his monsters attacks with " Magicians Unite ", but Yugi powered up "Silent Magician" with " Card of Sanctity ", allowing it to defeat the "Dark Magicians". [208] 
 Atem attempted to use "Monster Reborn" to revive " Slifer the Sky Dragon ", which he had discarded earlier. [208]  Yugi then revealed his choice of "Monster Reborn" for "Gold Sarcophagus", preventing the revival. Ishizu suspected this was Yugi's message to Atem that the souls of the dead must linger in the world of the living. Yugi then attacked Atem with "Silent Magician", winning the Duel. [209] 
 
         Yugi watches Atem pass through the gate to the underworld.     
 Upon winning, Yugi dropped the ground and began sobbing. Atem insisted that as winner, he should not be on his knees, but Yugi replied that he was too weak. However, Atem told him otherwise and had always had a power that no one could ever beat; the power of friendship and kindness, which he had taught Atem. Yugi began to say "other me", but Atem corrected him, saying he was not "the other Yugi" anymore and that Yugi is no one, but himself and the only Yugi Mutou in whole world. After Honda, Anzu and Jonouchi said their last words to Atem, Yugi said "we'll never forget you", before he passed through the gate to the underworld. [209] 
 When the door finished closing, the shrine began to cave in and pulled the tablet and Millennium Items into the depths of the Earth. Yugi bid farewell to  Millennium Puzzle , as he and the others ran outside to safety. On the surface, Yugi thought about how everyone has a story of their own and that his was just beginning. [209] 
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 KaibaCorp  commissioned an excavation of the  Shrine of the Underworld  and issued the workers a picture of Yugi wearing the  Millennium Puzzle  to show them what they were looking for. [210] 
 Yugi met up with  Anzu ,  Bakura ,  Jonouchi  and  Honda  for lunch and discussed their futures, including Yugi's desire to become a game designer. At the end of the school day, Yugi got back his Deck, which had been confiscated, leading him to reflect on Atem's departure. He, Jonouchi and Anzu spotted the new student,  Aigami , being picked on by  Scud  and  his gang . After Jonouchi drove the gang away, Aigami thanked the trio and insisted he was okay. [210] 
 
         Yugi and his friends at  Otogi's cafe     
 Yugi, Anzu, Bakura, Honda and Jonouchi were hanging out at  Otogi's cafe , when they heard news of  Kaiba  announcing his new  Duel Disk  and that it would be exhibited in a feature match at  Kaiba Land . [210] 
 While Yugi was rehearsing his speech for his school graduation, he was approached by Aigami, who displayed interest in getting to know him. So, Yugi and his friends took Aigami bowling and ate at  Burger World , where they briefed him on some of their adventures. They discussed Yugi's skills at  Duel Monsters  and later agreed to a friendly Duel between Yugi and Aigami. [210] 
 At  Kame Game , while Yugi assembled a Deck to use against, Aigami,  Sera  entered the store and began talking to him. When she left, Yugi noticed that she had left a piece of the Millennium Puzzle, in  its box , which he had been using for his cards. [210] 
 After Aigami sent Bakura and Jonouchi to other dimensions, Honda reported Jonouchi missing to Yugi. They were soon reunited with Jonouchi and as they searched for Bakura, Yugi encountered Kaiba. Kaiba insisted that Yugi would be the one to take part in the exhibition Duel at Kaiba Land and that would he accept no excuses. He showed Yugi the near-reassembled Millennium Puzzle, saying it was missing two pieces and expressed his desire to facing Atem, while indicating he had otherwise little interest in Yugi. After Kaiba left, Yugi was almost hit by traffic, but saved by Sera, who said that it was up to Yugi to complete the puzzle or not and asked him to save Aigami. [210] 
 
         Yugi, Dueling  Aigami     
 At Kaiba Land, Aigami was also brought forward for the exhibition. Kaiba announced that he would be Dueling Aigami and Yugi for their pieces of the Millennium Puzzle. Yugi was annoyed at what Aigami had done to his friends and still keen to find Bakura, so he demanded that he be the one to Duel Aigami. Kaiba accepted and gave Yugi one of the new Duel Disks to use. [210] 
 During the Duel, Aigami claimed that he wanted to leave their current corrupt world go to another dimension and that Yugi should come with him. Yugi refused to give up on the future of the current world and proceeded to win the Duel, causing Aigami to disappear. With his victory, Bakura was returned to their world. [210] 
 
         Yugi, Dueling Kaiba     
 As Kaiba got ready to face Yugi, he stated his goal to bring, "the other Yugi", back as they had unfinished business. He thought his Duel with the regular Yugi would not take long. Although Yugi tried telling him that Atem was gone, Kaiba placed the Millennium Puzzle in the middle of the arena and they began their Duel. [210] 
 A few turns in, Yugi insisted the Duel was pointless and tried to demonstrate this by inserting the last two pieces into the puzzle. Nothing happened, which Yugi explained was due to Atem no longer being inside the puzzle. Kaiba was furious and accused Yugi of deceiving him. The two continued their Duel and Yugi eventually attack Kaiba, who had 2500  Life Points , with " Dark Magician ", which had 2500  ATK . However Kaiba's Life Points stopped dropping at 100, when the power shut down. [210] 
 Aigami, corrupted by the evil of the  Millennium Ring  appeared before Yugi and Kaiba, leading the two to team up and Duel him. Kaiba was defeated, but before disappearing, urged Yugi to call Atem. Yugi put on the Millennium Puzzle and continued the Duel. While Aigami was causing the world to dissolve, Yugi lost consciousness. Atem then took control of his body and continued the Duel, Summoning  Palladium Oracle Mahad  to defeat Aigami. [210] 
 Yugi and Atem split into separate bodies again. The two faced each other and Yugi nodded, after which Atem pressed on the Millennium Puzzle, making it and himself disappear. Kaiba returned, following the defeat of Aigami, and acknowledged Yugi as a competent Duelist. [210] 
 At the graduation ceremony, Yugi read his speech. He and his friends later went to the airport to say goodbye to Anzu, as she left to study abroad. [210] 
 
 Game creator 
 In a possible future, Yugi pursued his dream as a game creator. Four years after graduating high school, he won a world game contest, with  Spherium , a sphere-type fighting game. The game is given a high valuation and developed in collaboration with  KaibaCorp . After completion of the  Spherium II  prototype, Yugi and  Kaiba  commenced their battle, playing the game in space. [211] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 At  Duel Academy , Yugi was considered to be a legendary Duelist.  Jaden Yuki  thought of him,  Seto Kaiba ,  Mai  and  Jonouchi  when he said that he was not going to back down in his  Duel  against  Ryuga , like how the legendary Duelists never gave up. [212] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Dark Yugi appears in "what-if" scenario presented by the Ultimate God alongside  Jaden Yuki  and  Paradox  when  Yusei Fudo  is asked what his wish is.
 
 Gaming items 
 Duel Monsters Deck 
 Main article:  Yugi Muto's Decks § Manga 
 Yugi plays a  Strategy  Deck, containing various flexible strategies for any situation, which he shares with  Dark Yugi . Among its various strategies, the Deck often focuses highly on " Dark Magician ".
 Within the  World of Memories  and  Project R.A. , Yugi used his own Deck independent of Dark Yugi, which included toy-like monsters and the " Silent Magician " and " Swordsman ".
 
 School 
 This Deck also contains a number of  unnamed cards .
 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Blackland Fire Dragon  | Darkness Dragon (暗黒の竜王  Ankoku no Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 800 
 
 
 
 
 Mushroom Man   (きのこマン  Kinokoman ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 800 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 600 
 
 
 
 
 Mystical Elf  | Holy Elf (ホーリー・エルフ  Hōrī Erufu ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 800 DEF   0 0 0 0 2000 
 
 
 
 
 Skull Servant  | Wight (ワイト  Waito ) 
 
 
 Level  2 ★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 300 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 200 
 
 
 
 
 Summoned Skull  | Daemon’s Summoning (デーモンの召喚  Dēmon no Shōkan ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Monster Reborn  | Resurrection of the Dead (死者蘇生  Shisha Sosei ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 Death-T 
 This Deck also contains a number of  unnamed cards .
 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Beaver Warrior  | Louise (ルイーズ  Ruīzu ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Magician  | Black Magician (ブラック・マジシャン  Burakku Majishan ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 2100 
 
 
 
 
 Exodia the Forbidden One  | Exodia the Sealed One (封印されしエクゾディア  Fūin-sareshi Ekuzodia ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Gaia the Fierce Knight  | Gaia the Darkness Knight (暗黒騎士ガイア  Ankoku Kishi Gaia ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2300 DEF   0 0 0 0 2100 
 
 
 
 
 Hobbit   (ホビット  Hobitto ) 
 
 
 Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 0 ??? DEF   0 0 0 0 0 ??? 
 
 
 
 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One  | Left Arm of the Sealed One (封されし者の左  Fuuin-sareshi mono no Hidariude ) 
 
 
 Level  2 ★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 300 
 
 
 
 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One  | Left Leg of the Sealed One (封されし者の左  Fūin-sareshi mono no Hidariashi ) 
 
 
 Level  2 ★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 300 
 
 
 
 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One  | Right Arm of the Sealed One (封されし者の右  Fūin-sareshi mono no Migiude ) 
 
 
 Level  2 ★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 300 
 
 
 
 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One  | Right Leg of the Sealed One (封されし者の右  Fūin-sareshi mono no Migiashi ) 
 
 
 Level  2 ★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 300 
 
 
 
 
 Sangan  | Critter (クリッター  Kurittā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 600 
 
 
 
 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress  | Fortress-Protecting Winged Dragon (砦を守る翼竜  Toride o Mamoru Yokuryū ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Swords of Revealing Light  | Protective Seal Swords of Light (光の護封剣  Hikari no Gofūken ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 The Eye of Truth   (真実の眼  Shinjitsu no Me ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 Pre-Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Baby Dragon   (ベビードラゴン  Bebī Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 700 
 
 
 
 
 Celtic Guardian  | Elf Swordsman (エルフの剣士  Erufu no Kenshi ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Magician  | Black Magician (ブラック・マジシャン  Burakku Majishan ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 2100 
 
 
 
 
 Great White   (グレート・ホワイト  Gurēto Howaito ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1600 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 800 
 
 
 
 
 Koumori Dragon  | Devil Dragon (デビル・ドラゴン  Debiru Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Silver Fang  | Silver Fong (シルバー・フォング  Shirubā Fongu ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 800 
 
 
 
 
 Summoned Skull  | Daemon’s Summoning (デーモンの召喚  Dēmon no Shōkan ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Undead Warrior   (アンデッド・ウォーリアー  Andeddo Wōriā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 ??? 
 
 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 This Deck also contains an  unnamed card .
 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Beaver Warrior  | Louise (ルイーズ  Ruīzu ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Catapult Turtle   (カタパルト・タートル  Kataparuto Tātoru ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 2000 
 
 
 
 
 Celtic Guardian  | Elf Swordsman (エルフの剣士  Erufu no Kenshi ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Curse of Dragon   (カース・オブ・ドラゴン  Kāsu obu Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Magician  | Black Magician (ブラック・マジシャン  Burakku Majishan ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 2100 
 
 
 
 
 Feral Imp  | Gremlin (グレムリン  Guremurin ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1300 DEF   0 0 0 0 1400 
 
 
 
 
 Gaia the Fierce Knight  | Gaia the Darkness Knight (暗黒騎士ガイア  Ankoku Kishi Gaia ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2300 DEF   0 0 0 0 2100 
 
 
 
 
 Giant Soldier of Stone   (岩石の巨兵  Ganseki no Kyohei ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1300 DEF   0 0 0 0 2000 
 
 
 
 
 Griffor   (グリフォール  Gurifōru ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Imp   (インプ  Inpu ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1300 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Kuriboh   (クリボー  Kuribō ) 
 
 
 Level  2 ★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 300 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 200 
 
 
 
 
 Mammoth Graveyard   (マンモスの墓場  Manmosu no Hakaba ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 800 
 
 
 
 
 Mystical Elf  | Holy Elf (ホーリー・エルフ  Hōrī Erufu ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 800 DEF   0 0 0 0 2000 
 
 
 
 
 Saiga  | Saigar (サイガー  Saigā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 600 
 
 
 
 
 Silver Fang  | Silver Fong (シルバー・フォング  Shirubā Fongu ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 800 
 
 
 
 
 Summoned Skull  | Daemon’s Summoning (デーモンの召喚  Dēmon no Shōkan ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress  | Fortress-Protecting Winged Dragon (砦を守る翼竜  Toride o Mamoru Yokuryū ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Black Luster Soldier  | Chaos Soldier (カオス・ソルジャー  Kaosu Sorujā ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 3000 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Black Skull Dragon  | Black Daemons Dragon (ブラック・デーモンズ・ドラゴン  Burakku Dēmonzu Doragon ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 3200 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Gaia the Dragon Champion  | Gaia the Dragon Knight (竜騎士ガイア  Ryūkishi Gaia ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 2600 DEF   0 0 0 0 2100 
 
 
 
 
 Magician of Black Chaos   (マジシャン・オブ・ブラック・カオス  Majishan Obu Burakku Kaosu ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 2800 DEF   0 0 0 0 2600 
 
 
 
 
 Black Luster Ritual  | Chaos Ritual (カオスの儀式  Kaosu no Gishiki ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Brain Control  | Brainwashing - Brain Control ( 洗 脳 －ブレイン・コントロール  Sennō - Burein Kontorōru ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Burning Land   (燃えさかる大地  Moesakaru Daichi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Magic Ritual  | Chaos - Black Magic Ritual (カオス－黒魔術の儀式  Kaosu - Kuromajutsu no Gishiki ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Horn of the Unicorn   (一角獣のホーン  Ikkakujū no Hōn ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Living Arrow  | Magic-Effect Arrow (魔法効果の矢  Mahōkōka no Ya ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magic Mist  | Magical Drizzle (魔霧雨  Makiu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magical Hats  | Magical Silk Hat (マジカル・シルク・ハット  Majikaru Shiruku Hatto ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Monster Reborn  | Resurrection of the Dead (死者蘇生  Shisha Sosei ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Monster Recovery   (モンスター回収  Monsutā Kaishū ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Multiply   (増殖  Zōshoku ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Polymerization  | Fusion (融合  Yūgō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Shift  | Shift Change (シフトチェンジ  Shifuto Chenji ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Swords of Revealing Light  | Protective Seal Swords of Light (光の護封剣  Hikari no Gofūken ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 The Eye of Truth   (真実の眼  Shinjitsu no Me ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Mirror Force  | Holy Barrier - Mirror Force - (聖なるバリア －ミラーフォース－  Seinaru Baria ‐ Mirā Fōsu - ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Spellbinding Circle  | Curse of the Hexagram (六芒星の呪縛  Rokubōsei no Jubaku ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Mystic Box  | Magic Box of Death (死のマジック・ボックス  Shi no Majikku Bokkusu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Mystical moon  | Magical Moon (魔性の月  Mashō no Tsuki ) 
 
 
 Card type  ??? 
 
 
 
 Battle City 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Alpha the Magnet Warrior  | Magnet Warrior α (磁石の戦士α  Magunetto Woriā Arufa ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1700 
 
 
 
 
 Archfiend of Gilfer  | Dark Demon Tribe - Gilfer Daemon (暗黒魔族ギルファー・デーモン  Ankoku Mazoku Girufā Dēmon ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2200 DEF   0 0 0 0 2500 
 
 
 
 
 Baphomet   (バフォメット  Bafometto ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 1800 
 
 
 
 
 Beta the Magnet Warrior  | Magnet Warrior β (磁石の戦士β  Magunetto Woriā Bēta ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1700 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Big Shield Gardna   (ビッグ・シールド・ガードナー  Biggu Shīrudo Gādonā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 100 DEF   0 0 0 0 2600 
 
 
 
 
 Buster Blader   (バスター・ブレイダー  Basutā Bureidā ) 
 
 
 Level  8 ★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2600 DEF   0 0 0 0 2300 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Magician  | Black Magician (ブラック・マジシャン  Burakku Majishan ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 2100 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Magician Girl  | Black Magician Girl (ブラック・マジシャン・ガール  Burakku Majishan Gāru ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1700 
 
 
 
 
 Feral Imp  | Gremlin (グレムリン  Guremurin ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1300 DEF   0 0 0 0 1400 
 
 
 
 
 Gamma the Magnet Warrior  | Magnet Warrior γ (磁石の戦士γ  Magunetto Woriā Ganma ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1800 
 
 
 
 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts  | Phantom Beast King Gazelle (幻獣王ガゼル  Genjū Ō Gazeru ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Jack's Knight   (ジャックス・ナイト  Jakkusu Naito ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 King's Knight   (キングス・ナイト  Kingusu Naito ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1600 DEF   0 0 0 0 1400 
 
 
 
 
 Kuriboh   (クリボー  Kuribō ) 
 
 
 Level  2 ★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 300 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 200 
 
 
 
 
 Queen's Knight   (クィーンズ・ナイト  Kwīnzu Naito ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1600 
 
 
 
 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon   (真紅眼の黒竜  Reddoaizu Burakku Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2400 DEF   0 0 0 0 2000 
 
 
 
 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon  | Saint Dragon - The God of Osiris (ＳＡＩＮＴ ＤＲＡＧＯＮ － ＴＨＥ ＧＯＤ ＯＦ ＯＳＩＲＩＳ  Seinto Doragon - Za Goddo obu Oshirisu ) 
 
 
 Level  10 ★★★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 X000 DEF   0 0 0 0 X000 
 
 
 
 
 The God of the Obelisk  | The God of Obelisk (ＴＨＥ ＧＯＤ ＯＦ ＯＢＥＬＩＳＫ  Za Goddo obu Oberisuku ) 
 
 
 Level  10 ★★★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 4000 DEF   0 0 0 0 4000 
 
 
 
 
 Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast  | Chimaera the Winged Phantom Beast (有翼幻獣キマイラ  Yūyoku Genjū Kimaira ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 2100 DEF   0 0 0 0 1800 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Paladin  | Super Magical Swordsman - Black Paladin (超魔導剣士－ブラック・パラディン  Chōmadōkenshi - Burakku Paradin ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 2900 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior  | Magnet Valkyrion the Magnetic Warrior (磁石の戦士マグネット・バルキリオン  Jishaku no Senshi Magunetto Barukirion ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 3500 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 ??? 
 
 
 
 
 Brain Control  | Brainwashing - Brain Control ( 洗 脳 －ブレイン・コントロール  Sennō - Burein Kontorōru ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Card Destruction  | Hand Obliteration (手札抹殺  Tefuda Massatsu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 De-Spell  | Magic Cancellation ( 魔法解除   Mahō Kaijo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Devil's Sanctuary   (デビルズ・サンクチュアリ  Debiruzu Sankuchuari ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Diffusion Wave-Motion  | Diffusing Wave (拡散する波動  Kakusan-suru Hadō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Dimension Magic   (ディメンション・マジック  Dimenshon Majikku ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Double Spell  | Double Magic (二重魔法  Daburu Majikku ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Exchange   (エクスチェンジ  Ekusuchenji ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Lightforce Sword  | Light Sword of Card Sealing (光の封札剣  Hikari no Fūsatsuken ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magic Cylinder   (魔法の筒  Majikku Shirindā ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magic Formula  | Incantation Book of Black Magic (魔術の呪文書  Majutsu no Jumonsho ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magical Hats  | Magical Silk Hat (マジカル・シルク・ハット  Majikaru Shiruku Hatto ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Monster Reborn  | Resurrection of the Dead (死者蘇生  Shisha Sosei ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Monster Recovery   (モンスター回収  Monsutā Kaishū ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Multiply   (増殖  Zōshoku ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Polymerization  | Fusion (融合  Yūgō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Pot of Greed   (強欲な壺  Gōyoku na Tsubo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Remove Trap   (罠はずし  Wana Hazushi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Soul Taker   (ソウルテイカー  Souru Teikā ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Chain Destruction   (連鎖破壊  Chēn Desutorakushon ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Life Shaver   (削りゆく命  Kezuriyuku Inochi ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Mystical Rift Panel  | Spirit's Mirror (精霊の鏡  Seirei no Kagami ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Soul Rope   (魂の綱  Tamashii no Tsuna ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Spellbinding Circle  | Curse of the Hexagram (六芒星の呪縛  Rokubōsei no Jubaku ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 De-Fusion  | Fusion Cancel (融合解除  Yūgō Kaijo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Spell Card 
 
 
 
 World of Memories - VS Dark Bakura 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Gandora the Dragon of Destruction  | Destruction Dragon Gandora (破壊竜ガンドラ  Hakairyū Gandora ) 
 
 
 Level  8 ★★★★★★★★ ATK   DEF   
 
 
 
 
 Marshmallon   (マシュマロン  Mashumaron ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 300 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 500 
 
 
 
 
 Silent Magician   (サイレント・マジシャン  Sairento Majishan ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Silent Swordsman LV0   (サイレント・ソードマン ＬＶ ０  Sairento Sōdoman Reberu Zero ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Silent Swordsman LV1   (サイレント・ソードマン ＬＶ １  Sairento Sōdoman Reberu Wan ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Silent Swordsman LV5  | Silent Swordman LV5 (サイレント・ソードマン  ＬＶ ５  Sairento Sōdoman Reberu Faibu ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 3500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Marshmallon Glasses   (マシュマロンのメガネ  Mashumaron no Megane ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magic Barrier   ( 魔 封 壁   Mafūheki ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Turn Jump  | Leap of Time -Turn Jump- (時の飛躍－ターンジャンプ－  Toki no Hiyaku -Tān Janpu- ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 World of Memories - VS Zorc 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Dark Magician  | Black Magician (ブラック・マジシャン  Burakku Majishan ) 
 
 
 Level  7 ★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 2100 
 
 
 
 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon  | Saint Dragon - The God of Osiris (ＳＡＩＮＴ ＤＲＡＧＯＮ － ＴＨＥ ＧＯＤ ＯＦ ＯＳＩＲＩＳ  Seinto Doragon - Za Goddo obu Oshirisu ) 
 
 
 Level  10 ★★★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 X000 DEF   0 0 0 0 X000 
 
 
 
 
 The God of the Obelisk  | The God of Obelisk (ＴＨＥ ＧＯＤ ＯＦ ＯＢＥＬＩＳＫ  Za Goddo obu Oberisuku ) 
 
 
 Level  10 ★★★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 4000 DEF   0 0 0 0 4000 
 
 
 
 
 The Sun Dragon Ra  | The Sun of God Dragon ( ＴＨＥ   ＳＵＮ   ＯＦ   ＧＯＤ   ＤＲＡＧＯＮ   Za San Obu Goddo Doragon ) 
 
 
 Level  10 ★★★★★★★★★★ ATK   DEF   
 
 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Blockman   (ブロックマン  Burokkuman ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Gandora the Dragon of Destruction  | Destruction Dragon Gandora (破壊竜ガンドラ  Hakairyū Gandora ) 
 
 
 Level  8 ★★★★★★★★ ATK   DEF   
 
 
 
 
 Green Gadget   (グリーン・ガジェット  Gurīn Gajetto ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1400 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 600 
 
 
 
 
 Marshmallon   (マシュマロン  Mashumaron ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 300 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 500 
 
 
 
 
 Red Gadget   (レッド・ガジェット  Reddo Gajetto ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 ??? DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Silent Magician   (サイレント・マジシャン  Sairento Majishan ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Silent Swordsman LV0   (サイレント・ソードマン ＬＶ ０  Sairento Sōdoman Reberu Zero ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Silent Swordsman LV3  | Silent Swordman LV3 (サイレント・ソードマン  ＬＶ ３  Sairento Sōdoman Reberu Suri ) 
 
 
 Non-physical Level  ??? ATK   0 0 0 0 2500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Yellow Gadget   (イエロー・ガジェット  Ierō Gajetto ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 ??? DEF   0 0 0 0 1200 
 
 
 
 
 Card of Sanctity  | Treasure Cards from the Heavens (天よりの宝札  Ten'yori no Hōsatsu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Gold Sarcophagus  | Golden Chest of Sealing (封印の黄金櫃  Fūin no Ōgonhitsu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Monster Reborn  | Resurrection of the Dead (死者蘇生  Shisha Sosei ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Swords of Revealing Light  | Protective Seal Swords of Light (光の護封剣  Hikari no Gofūken ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Ties of the Brethren   (同胞の絆  Dōhō no Kizuna ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Turn Jump  | Leap of Time -Turn Jump- (時の飛躍－ターンジャンプ－  Toki no Hiyaku -Tān Janpu- ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Crumbling Axe   (罅割れゆく斧  Hibiwareyuku Ono ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Magician's Circle   (マジシャンズ・サークル  Majishanzu Sākuru ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress   (機動砦 ストロング・ホールド  Kidōtoride Sutorongu Hōrudo ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Monster Card 
 
 
 
 Project R.A. 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Dark Red Enchanter   (闇紅の魔導師  Dākureddo Enchantā ) 
 
 
 Level  6 ★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 2300 DEF   0 0 0 0 2200 
 
 
 
 
 Silent Swordsman LV0   (サイレント・ソードマン ＬＶ ０  Sairento Sōdoman Reberu Zero ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1000 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Toy Magician   (トイ・マジシャン  Toi Majishan ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1600 DEF   0 0 0 0 1500 
 
 
 
 
 Toy Soldier   (トイ・ソルジャー  Toi Sorujā ) 
 
 
 Level  4 ★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 1500 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Toy Tank   (トイ・タンク  Toi Tanku ) 
 
 
 Level  ??? ATK   DEF   
 
 
 
 
 Polymerization  | Fusion (融合  Yūgō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Strike Back   (ストライク・バック  Sutoraiku Bakku ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Toy Box   (トイ・ボックス  Toi Bokkusu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Turn Jump  | Leap of Time -Turn Jump- (時の飛躍－ターンジャンプ－  Toki no Hiyaku -Tān Janpu- ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Fit of Rage   ( 癇 癪 玉   Kanshakudama ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Sand Fortress   (砂の砦  Suna no Toride ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Spell Card 
 
 
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions , Yugi runs a hybrid Deck mixing cards of his own and cards he inherited from  Atem . He uses a number of  retrained versions  of iconic monsters of the both, including brand-new  Spellcaster - Type  support cards for Atem's " Dark Magician " and " Dark Magician Girl ". He also has lots of tactics involving  Continuous Trap Cards , such as a number of  Trap Monsters  and the "Dimension" Trap Cards he calls the "Dimension Trap Pyramid".
 
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian [note 2] 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Apple Magician Girl 
 Celtic Guard of Noble Arms [note 2] 
 Clear Kuriboh 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition 
 Gold Gadget 
 Lemon Magician Girl 
 Lord Gaia the Fierce Knight 
 Marshmacaron  x3 
 Palladium Oracle Mahad 
 Sentry Soldier of Stone 
 Silent Swordsman LV5 [note 3] 
 Silver Gadget Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Magical Contract Door 
 Magical Dimension [note 2] 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mystical Space Typhoon [note 2] 
 Polymerization [note 2] 
 Traps 
 Dark Horizon 
 Dig of Destiny 
 Dimension Guardian 
 Dimension Mirage 
 Dimension Sphinx 
 Final Geas 
 Magic Cylinder [note 2] 
 Magicians' Defense 
 Metalhold the Moving Blockade 
 Metamorphortress 
 Mirror Force [note 2] 
 Spiritual Swords of Revealing Light 
 Warrior's Devotion 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi used the following in  his game  of  Dungeon Dice Monsters  with  Ryuji Otogi .
 
 
 Dice Pool 
 
 
 
 
   Monsters 
 
 
 Armor Wizard Pazoo 
 Black Ninja 
 Crocosaurus 
 Duker of Twin Swords 
 Iron Golem Gorogon 
 Little Wizard 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 Monster Fighter 
 
 Monster World 
 
 Digital Pets 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Alti 
 
 Yugi 
 
 U2 
 
 Games 
 Duels 
 The Duels from  Yu-Gi-Oh! R  are of disputed canon.
 
 
 
 
 
 Event
 
 Outcome
 
 Chapter(s)
 
 
 VS  —  Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 
 
 Win
 
 #009 9 
 
 
 VS  —  Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 
 
 N/a [d 1] 
 
 #060 1 (60) 
 
 
 VS  —  Maximillion J. Pegasus With —  Dark Yugi 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 Win
 
 #124? 
 
 
 VS  —  Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 Lost
 
 #146 46 (105) 
 
 
 VS  —  Katsuya Jonouchi  (multiple times)
 
 
 
 Win
 
 #146 87 (146) 
 
 
 VS  —  Katsuya Jonouchi , possessed by  Marik 
 
 Battle City 
 
 Loss [213] 
 
 #198 133 (192) ,  134 (193) ,  135 (194) ,  136 (195) ,  137 (196) ,  138 (197) ,  139 (198) 
 
 
 VS —  Depre Scott 
 
 Project R.A. 
 
 Win
 
 R −  22 ,  23 ,  24 
 
 
 VS  —  Dark Bakura 
 
 
 
 Win
 
 #009 46 (324) ,  47 (325) ,  48 (326) ,  49 (327) 
 
 
 VS  —  Atem 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Win
 
 #300 (replace with actual number) 
 
 
 VS  —  Aigami 
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 Win
 
 
 
 
 VS  —  Seto Kaiba 
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 No result
 
 
 
 
 VS  —  Aigami With —  Seto Kaiba  and  Atem 
 
 The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 Win
 
 
 
 
 ↑   Taken over by Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 Opponent/orchestrator
 
 Game
 
 Outcome
 
 Chapter(s)
 
 
 
 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 
 N/a
 
 #001 1 
 
 
 Kujirada 
 
 Digital Pets  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 #021 21 
 
 
 Street Fighter  (multiple times)
 
 Virtual VS  ( games )
 
 Win
 
 #025 25 
 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 
 N/a [g 1] 
 
 #026 25 
 
 
 Johnny Gayle ,  Bob McGuire , " name unknown "
 
 Stardust Shootout 
 
 Win
 
 #029 29 
 
 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 
 Win
 
 #030 30 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 Bllood puzzle 
 
 Win
 
 #031 31 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 Rhythm Rock 
 
 Win
 
 #033 33 
 
 
 
 
 Sock Concentration 
 
 N/a
 
 #041 41 
 
 
 Hiroto Honda  and  Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 
 Win
 
 #041 41 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 Monster Fighter  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 #043 43 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 
 Monster Fighter  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 #043 43 
 
 
 Koji Nagumo 
 
 Monster Fighter  ( game )
 
 Lose
 
 #043 43 
 
 
 Imori 
 
 Dragon Cards  ( game )
 
 Lose
 
 #046 46 
 
 
 Dark Bakura 
 
 Monster World  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 #051 52 ,  53 ,  54 ,  55 ,  56 ,  57 ,  58 ,  59 
 
 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters  ( game )
 
 Win
 
 #136 77 (136) ,  78 (137) ,  79 (138) ,  80 (139) ,  81 (140) ,  82 (141) ,  83 (142) ,  84 (143) ,  85 (144) 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 Spherium II 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ↑   Taken over by Dark Yugi 
 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2002). "Chapter 1: Character Directory" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth .  Shueisha . p. 21.  ISBN   4-08-873363-0 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   2.5   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2015). "Millennium Book – Chapter 1: School arc" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: Millennium Book .  Shueisha . p. 36.  ISBN   978-4-08-779722-0 . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Takahashi, Kazuki (2011). "An Interview with Kazuki Takahashi".  Duel Art .  ISBN   978-4-08-782398-1 . 
 
 ↑   ravegrl (July 18, 2015).  "[SDCC 2015] ‘Spotlight on Yu-Gi-Oh! & Creator Kazuki Takahashi’ Panel" .  https://ravegrl.wordpress.com/2015/07/18/sdcc-2015-spotlight-on-yugioh-creator-kazuki-takahashi-panel/ . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki (2011). "Creator's Comments (P031 illustration)".  Duel Art .  ISBN   978-4-08-782398-1 . 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   6.3   6.4   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 1: " The Puzzle of the Gods " 
 
 ↑  7.0   7.1   7.2   7.3   7.4   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 2: " Lying Eyes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 3: " Hard Beat! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 4: " Jail Break! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 5: " The False Prophet " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 6: " Into the Fire " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 7: " The Face of Truth " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 8: " The Poison Man " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 9: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 10: " The Cards with Teeth (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 11: " The Wild Gang (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 12: " The Wild Gang (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑  18.0   18.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 13: " The Man from Egypt (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 14: " The Man from Egypt (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 15: " The Other Criminal " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 16: " Shadi's Challenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 19: " Final Stage " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 20: " Game Over " 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   24.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 21: " Digital Pet Duel " 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 22: " American Hero (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 23: " American Hero (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 24: " Capsule Monster Chess " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 25: " The One-Inch Terror " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 26: " Russian Roulette " 
 
 ↑  30.0   30.1   30.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 27: " Project Start! " 
 
 ↑  31.0   31.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 28: " Arena #1 " 
 
 ↑  32.0   32.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 29: " Shooting Stardust " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 30: " Don't Make a Sound! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 31: " Murderer's Mansion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 32: " Chainsaw Deathmatch!! " 
 
 ↑  36.0   36.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 33: " Terror Cubed!!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 34: " Arena #2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 36: " Battle Beyond Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 36: " Battle Beyond Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 38: " The Terror of Blue-Eyes!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 39: " Endgame!! " 
 
 ↑  42.0   42.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 40: " A Piece of His Heart " 
 
 ↑  43.0   43.1   43.2   43.3   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 41: " Let's Find "Love"! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 42: " Get the Million!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 43: " Monster Fight!! (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 44: " Monster Fight!! (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑  47.0   47.1   47.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 45: " 13 O'clock Terror!! " 
 
 ↑  48.0   48.1   48.2   48.3   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 46: " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 47: " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 48: " Jonouchi!! Soul Battle!! (Part 1) " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 49: " Jonouchi!! Soul Battle!! (Part 2) " 
 
 ↑  52.0   52.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 50: " Millennium Enemy 1: The Mysterious Transfer Student " 
 
 ↑  53.0   53.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 51: " Millennium Enemy 2: Monster World " 
 
 ↑  54.0   54.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 52: " Millennium Enemy 3: The Fumble of Doom " 
 
 ↑  55.0   55.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 53: " Millennium Enemy 4: Role-Playing Miniatures " 
 
 ↑  56.0   56.1   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 54: " Millennium Enemy 5: Stop the Run of Criticals! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 55: " Millennium Enemy 6: The Traps of Zorc Castle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 56: " Millennium Enemy 7: I'll Fight Too! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 57: " Millennium Enemy 8: Fight! Fight!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 58: " Millennium Enemy 9: The White Wizard Bakura " 
 
 ↑  61.0   61.1   61.2   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 59: " Millennium Enemy 10: The Last Die Roll " 
 
 ↑  62.0   62.1   62.2   62.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 1: " Challenge!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 3: " Countdown!! " 
 
 ↑  64.0   64.1   64.2   64.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 4: " I Won't Lose!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 11: " Things that Don't Change " 
 
 ↑  66.0   66.1   66.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 5: " Fate on the High Seas!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 6: " Let the Duel Begin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 9: " Demon Lightning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 10: " The Siren " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 13: " Attack from the Deep " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 15: " Messenger From Hell " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 18: " On My Own " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 19: " I Won't Lose! " 
 
 ↑  74.0   74.1   74.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 21: " The Night Intruder " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 25: " A Storm in the Kingdom " 
 
 ↑  76.0   76.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 26: " Duelist's Honor " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 28: " The Terror of Pegasus! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 29: " The Lurking Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 30: " Duel Without End " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 31: " Call of the Grave " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 32: " Death to the Undead! " 
 
 ↑  82.0   82.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 33: " Enter the Labyrinth! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 39: " Choose Wisely! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 41: " Duel Disk Battle! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 45: " Crisis! " 
 
 ↑  86.0   86.1   86.2   86.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 47: " Another Kind of Courage " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 48: " To the Castle! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 48: " To the Castle! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 49: " The First Stages of Fear! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 51: " Toons Attack! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 52: " The Promise " 
 
 ↑  92.0   92.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 54: " Stealth in the Night! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 55: " The Bewitching Mai " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 57: " Find Yourself! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 59: " The Legendary Swordsman " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 65: " Its Time! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 69: " The Downfall of Toon World " 
 
 ↑  98.0   98.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 70: " The Sacrifice! " 
 
 ↑  99.0   99.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 71: " Heart to Heart " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 72: " Attack of Chaos " 
 
 ↑  101.0   101.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 73: " The Tragic Tale of the Millennium Eye " 
 
 ↑  102.0   102.1   102.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 74: " The Precious Piece " 
 
 ↑  103.0   103.1   103.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 75: " The New Game " 
 
 ↑  104.0   104.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 76: " Rigged! " 
 
 ↑  105.0   105.1   105.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 77: " D.D.M.!! " 
 
 ↑  106.0   106.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 78: " The Path of Darkness! " 
 
 ↑  107.0   107.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 79: " Dungeon Crisis!! " 
 
 ↑  108.0   108.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 80: " Rare vs. Rare! " 
 
 ↑  109.0   109.1   109.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 81: " The Broken Bond " 
 
 ↑  110.0   110.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 82: " The Calling of the Powers " 
 
 ↑  111.0   111.1   111.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 83: " Solve the Puzzle!! " 
 
 ↑  112.0   112.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 84: " Zero Attack?! " 
 
 ↑  113.0   113.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 85: " The Room of Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 86: " Chains " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 87: " The Ancient Stone " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 88: " The Lost Cards " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 90: " Where I Belong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 91: " The Gathering " 
 
 ↑  119.0   119.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 92: " Rare Hunters! " 
 
 ↑  120.0   120.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 93: " Battle City Begins! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 95: " To Destroy a Deck " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 96: " Millennium Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 101: " Marik Strikes! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 102: " The Fatal Duel! " 
 
 ↑  125.0   125.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 106: " Imprints of a Memory " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 111: " Nearer to God " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 112: " Fight of the Millennium! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 118: " Attack that Opponent! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 118: " Attack that Opponent! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 124: " The Reason for Dueling " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 131: " Where Jonouchi Waits " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 132: " The Place of Destiny " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 134: " Heart Attack!! " 
 
 ↑  134.0   134.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 135: " The Card of Pride " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 136: " Yugi Fights Alone " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 137: " The Last Piece of the Puzzle " 
 
 ↑  137.0   137.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 139: " Friends till the End " 
 
 ↑  138.0   138.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 140: " The Treasure " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 141: " The Courage to See " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 142: " Warriors Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 143: " The Eight Finalists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 144: " The First Enemy! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 145: " The Thing in the Dark " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 150: " Jonouchi's Revenge! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 156: " The Proof of the Clan! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 157: " God's Judgement! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 158: " Darkness Awakens! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 165: " The Future is Now " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 171: " Shatter the Future " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 172: " Out of the Past " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 173: " The Clan of Darkness! " 
 
 ↑  152.0   152.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 174: " Duel in the Dark! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 178: " The Eve of Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 179: " The Dawn of Battle! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 183: " A True Duelist " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 191: " Light from the Future!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 204: " The Monster of Victory or Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 207: " The Quick Attack Trap " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 214: " God's Sword, God's Shield " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 216: " One Point of Life! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 217: " Than Curse the Darkness " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 218: " The End of Alcatraz " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 218: " The End of Alcatraz " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 219: " A New Journey! " 
 
 ↑  165.0   165.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! R  Duel Round 1: " A Wicked Shadow! " 
 
 ↑  166.0   166.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! R  Duel Round 2: " Avatar's Menace!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! R  Duel Round 3: " Kaibacorp Duel Begins!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! R  Duel Round 6: " Marvelous Armed Division!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! R  Duel Round 8: " Dweller in the Dark!! " 
 
 ↑  170.0   170.1   170.2   170.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 2: " A Sleepless Night " 
 
 ↑  171.0   171.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 3: " Mystery of the the Artifact!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 4: " Voyage into Memories " 
 
 ↑  173.0   173.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 42: " The Ultimate Shadow RPG! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 5: " The Six Chosen Priests " 
 
 ↑  175.0   175.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 6: " The Evil Shadow " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 7: " Bakura, King of Thieves " 
 
 ↑  177.0   177.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 8: " Diabound vs. Galestgoras " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 12: " Search for the Pharaoh's Name! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 16: " The Invisible Door " 
 
 ↑  180.0   180.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 17: " Tears in the Nile " 
 
 ↑  181.0   181.1   181.2   181.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 43: " The Dark God Awakes! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 18: " Ka Hunt!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 19: " Bakura Lives! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 22: " Slifer vs. Diabound " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 25: " To Pierce the Darkness! " 
 
 ↑  186.0   186.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 27: " Ruler of Shadows!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 28: " Time Rewound!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 29: " Shadows Fall!! " 
 
 ↑  189.0   189.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 35: " The Village of Ghosts!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 41: " The Pawns of Memory! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 44: " The Mysterious NPC! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 45: " Into the Tomb! " 
 
 ↑  193.0   193.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 46: " Battle in the Shrine! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 47: " The Silent Duelist!! " 
 
 ↑  195.0   195.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 48: " Gather, Ghosts! " 
 
 ↑  196.0   196.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 49: " I Won't Give Up!! " 
 
 ↑  197.0   197.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 50: " The End of the World!! " 
 
 ↑  198.0   198.1   198.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 54: " The Stone Slabs of the Modern World! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 53: " The Light of the Soul! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 55: " In the Name of the Pharaoh " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 56: " The Survivors " 
 
 ↑  202.0   202.1   202.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 58: " He Who Inherits the Light " 
 
 ↑  203.0   203.1   203.2   203.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 59: " Over the Nile!! " 
 
 ↑  204.0   204.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 60: " The Rite of the Duel!! " 
 
 ↑  205.0   205.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 61: " Yugi vs. Atem!! " 
 
 ↑  206.0   206.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 62: " The Ties That Bind " 
 
 ↑  207.0   207.1   207.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 63: " The Master of Servants " 
 
 ↑  208.0   208.1   208.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 64: " The Last Gamble!! " 
 
 ↑  209.0   209.1   209.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World  Duel 65: " The Journey of the King " 
 
 ↑  210.00   210.01   210.02   210.03   210.04   210.05   210.06   210.07   210.08   210.09   210.10   210.11   210.12   Tachishini (April 23, 2016).  " Yu-Gi-Oh! The Darkside of Dimensions  summary" . Tumblr .  http://tachishini.tumblr.com/post/143242399662/yu-gi-oh-the-darkside-of-dimensions . 
 
 ↑   Kazuki Takahashi (October 25, 2016).  "An illustration of a future tidbit of the movie's story." . Instagram .  https://www.instagram.com/p/BL-vpcBgD0s/?taken-by=kazuki_yugioh . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 1: " A New Hero!! " 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2002). "Chapter 2: Magic & Wizards Encyclopedia" (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guidebook: The Gospel of Truth .  Shueisha . p. 153.  ISBN   4-08-873363-0 . 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   Yugi's birth year is not explicitly given. 1980 can be assumed, based on his age and hints of the time setting throughout the series. See " timeline (manga) " for more details. 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   2.5   2.6   This card can be seen when he reconstructs his  Deck  at the  Kame Game . 
 
 ↑   This card is  sent  from his  hand  to the  Graveyard  via " Warrior's Devotion " during his Duel with  Seto Kaiba . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yugi Muto  (Yugi Mutou) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Millennium Duels 
 Destiny Board Traveler 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R  characters Yugi 's group 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Card Professors Guild 
 Yako Tenma 
 Gekko Tenma 
 Deschutes Lew 
 Tilla Mook 
 Klamath Osler 
 Kirk Dixon 
 Pete Coppermine 
 Maico Kato 
 Mendo Cino 
 Willa Mette 
 Ted Banias 
 Reiko Kitamori 
 Depre Scott 
 Richie Merced 
 Cedar Mill 
 "Bandit" Keith Howard 
 Other 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Isono 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Mr. Crocketts) 
 Saruwatari 
 Masumi Momono 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions   characters Yugi's companions 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Atem 
 KaibaCorp 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Virtual Dark Yugi 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Plana 
 Aigami 
 Mani 
 Sera 
 Shadi Shin 
 Other 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Sanpei 
 Mr. Karita 
 Scud (Kudaragi) 
 Duke's father (Otogi's father) 
 Bakura's father 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Slave merchant 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga   characters Duel Academy  first year students 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjume) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Other Duel Academy students 
 Zane "Kaiser" Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Seika Kohinata 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Duel Academy staff 
 Mr. Ryuga 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Midori Hibiki 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Satryr (Kabayama) 
 Duel Monster Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Light and Darkness Dragon 
 Tragoedia 
 American Duel Academy 
 Principal MacKenzie 
 David Rabb 
 Reggie MacKenzie 
 James Crocodile Cook 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Original manga  characters 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Akhenaden 
 Kalim's predecessor 
 Seto's predecessor 
 Other characters 
 Koyo Hibiki 
 Masao 
 Shido Gecko (Shido Garam) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3f/Yugis_2007-4-23.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131130005530', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/YGO-001_Jonouchi_and_Honda_beaten.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160427203350', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/YGO-001_Yugi_solves_the_Puzzle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160427203913', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c2/Fujita_attacks_Yugi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160427210408', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Anzu_welcomes_Yugi_and_Jonouchi_to_BW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160428224618', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/YGO-007_Something_changed_between_us.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160430204659', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/Yugi_VS_Jonouchi_at_school.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160501155523', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/Yugi_turns_to_the_puzzle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160603215757', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/YGO-013_Yugi%27s_soul_rooms.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160701214507', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Shadi_returns_to_the_museum.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160703153828', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Yugi_breaks_two_ushebti.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160704003421', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d6/Jonouchi%27s_Digital_Pet_bullies_U2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160722003713', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/Surrounded_by_Mokuba%27s_followers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160723220650', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fa/Yugi_VS_Street_Fighter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151023224523', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d0/Yugi_receives_his_grandfather%27s_Deck.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160726195627', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/20/YGO-028_Suit_up.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160726195422', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/09/YGO-031_Guillotine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151024210646', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/YGO-033_Smiley.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130507133210', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e6/Another_Yugi_confession.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151026164609', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/Yugi_and_Grandpa_-_Death_T-5.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151026170920', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/Lovely_Two_-_Let%27s_compare.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151026173821', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Achievement_Test_Bingo_Game.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402011916', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/Monster_Fighter.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151026194659', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/Ferris_wheel_danger.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151026202548', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Yugi_VS_Imori_-_Dragons_Summoned.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151027223309', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Yugi%27s_soul_taken_by_the_Dragon_Cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151027223408', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Dark_Bakura_explains_the_Monster_World_rules.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20151030002244', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d7/Pokii_tamed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151030001307', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/YGO-053_Miniature_Yugi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130624191752', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Yugi_meets_Dark_Yugi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151031002757', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/YGO-057_Extracting_Good_Bakura.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130624175851', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Jonouchi_VS_Anzu_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402013726', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Yugi_VS_Pegasus_TV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160521102234', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/ba/Video_tape_Grandpa.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091125002511', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/49/Exodia_overboard.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160521103011', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/Please_help_Jonouchi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20151031163643', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/D-021_Hold_hands.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20120922163837', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Kaiba_hasn%27t_changed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20151101144829', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/89/D-046_Yugi_interferes.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110909195153', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/81/Yugi_offered_Mai%27s_Star_Chips.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151101165824', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/D-054_Nurse_Anzu.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130130230110', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/Yugi_and_Sugroku_before_the_Duelist_Kingdom_finals.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151102004627', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/Yugi_and_Dark_Yugi_meet_in_their_soul_room.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20151102005144', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/Yugi_collapses_against_Pegasus.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151103000233', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/Yugis_defeat_Pegasus.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151103003522', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/Puzzle_on_a_chain.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160521103732', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6c/Ryuji_wins_dice_in_cup.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20160521103940', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bc/Yugi_accused_of_shoplifting.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160521104216', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Yugi_VS_Ryuji.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20160521104636', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Puzzle_broken_before_Yugi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160521104456', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/Dark_Bakura_confident_in_Yugi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160521105827', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/Devil%27s_Board_Game_room.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160521110528', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Let_go_of_the_Puzzle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160521110739', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Bakura_and_Yugi_learn_about_the_Millennium_Tauk.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160702001216', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e6/Yugi_max_rating.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160702001405', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/Yugi_saves_Pandora.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161106150401', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2a/Vessel_please_stay_out_of_this.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151114010849', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/36/Yugi_VS_Brainwashed_Jonouchi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151114163635', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/13/Yugi_and_Jonouchi_pulled_under.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20151114164116', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/Namu_is_our_friend.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20151114230929', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/Wake_up_Jonouchi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20171223163913', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/Yugis_watched_by_Dark_Bakura%27s_shadow.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20151115001008', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e9/Jonouchi%2C_it_can%27t_be.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20151122012900', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/Dark_Yugi_VS_Dark_Marik.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20151122012844', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/Yugi%2C_Grandpa%2C_God_cards.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160521111521', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/Yugi_finds_Dark_Bakura_and_the_thief.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20160521112055', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/The_other_me_is_gone.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151124221513', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/Yugi_and_co._looking_for_the_true_door.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151124223700', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/MW-042_Shadow_RPG_coffins.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130504181444', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/14/MW-025_Pharaoh_meets_his_friends.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130503171022', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/44/Yugi_checks_the_bar_for_information.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20151128173649', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/MW-044_Flying.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130506210723', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fd/Yugi_VS_Dark_Bakura_-_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20151128191737', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Zorc_final_battle_-_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/230?cb=20151129002135', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/MW-055_Name_appeared.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170813181806', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/Yugi_learns_about_the_Ceremonial_Battle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151201223524', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Ceremonial_Battle_Deck_preparation_-_Yugi.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151201223531', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/Yugis_split_for_the_Ceremonial_Battle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20151201223535', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/20/Ceremonial_Battle_-_manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20151201223538', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/Atem_thumbs_up.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20151201231840', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Dark_Side_of_Dimensions_food_vendor_scene.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20151213203017', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f7/Yugi_VS_Aigami.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20160424205155', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Yugi_VS_Kaiba_-_DSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/210?cb=20160424204259', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yugi Muto pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! R characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX manga characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions characters