Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Tips:A_Wild_Monster_Appears!


 A Wild Monster Appears! 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 
 This card can be  searched  by " Dark Sage ", " Ancient Gear Drill ", " Alchemic Magician ", " Left Arm Offering ", and " Primathmech Alembertian ". 
 A card such as " Call of the Haunted " can be used to Special Summon " G.B. Hunter " during your opponent's turn to prevent the monster Special Summoned with this card from returning to the Deck.
 You can also Summon " Legendary Knight Hermos " with this card and use its effect to copy " G.B. Hunter ". 
 If the Summoned monster happens to be flipped down by an opposing card effect, the same result can be achieved. 
 Ideal monsters to Summon with this card to solely activate their effects include:
 " Dark Necrofear ": If there are not 3 Fiend monsters in your Graveyard and it can just be crashed into an opponent's monster, which will allow you to take control of 1 of their face-up monsters during the end phase. 
 " Sky Scourge Norleras ": Its effect can then be used to clear both players' hands and fields and draw a card, which is especially effective in a " Shaddoll " or " Burning Abyss " deck. 
 " Dark Armed Dragon ": If you don't have exactly 3 DARK monsters in your Graveyard, which can be even better if you have more than 3 DARK monsters in your Graveyard, so as to abuse its effect. 
 " Elemental Lords ": As the artwork suggests, this card is great for Special Summoning these monsters, if there are not exactly 5 monsters of the corresponding Attribute in your Graveyard. 
 " Fushioh Richie ": If it is flipped face-down by its own effect, it will be able to stay on the field. 
 " Meklord Emperor " monsters, " Relinquished " or " Destiny HERO - Plasma ": equip it with an opponent's monster to get some use out of it, before it's shuffled into the Deck. "Plasma" also has the benefit of negating the effects of monsters your opponent controls. 
 Level 10 or lower Ritual Monsters: Just keep in mind that any effects based on the monster being  Ritual Summoned  will not activate. However the effect of " Saffira, Queen of Dragons " is easily triggered by other means. 
 Level 10 or lower " Assault Mode " monsters: Since they would otherwise be sitting needlessly in your hand; afterwards, it will return to the Deck, where it can be Summoned properly with " Assault Mode Activate ". 
 " Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus ": In WATER decks this can completely turn the Duel around. 
 " Demise, King of Armageddon " can be a particularly potent choice, as he has the ability to destroy all cards on the field, besides himself. 
 " Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth " can be Summoned with relative ease when making use of this card. This allows the player to easily Summon the Moth, in comparison to the painfully long 'traditional' method. 
 " Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes ": If you have filled up your Graveyard with Reptile monsters with cards such as " Snake Rain ", she will have high ATK. Note: In any case she will not be able to be Special Summoned back with her own effect since she was not first Special Summoned with " Rise of the Snake Deity ", and despite being unaffected by other card effects will still be returned to the deck by the effect of this card. 
 " Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning " and " Chaos Sorcerer " can be used to rid the field of a powerful monster via their banishing ability. 
 " Judgement Dragon " can be utilized to clear the field, while " Punishment Dragon " is able to reset both players  Graveyards  and face-up banished cards excluding " Lightsworn " monsters. 
 " Theinen the Great Sphinx ": If " Andro Sphinx " and " Sphinx Teleia " are not on your field, this can keep it from being a dead card in-hand. At the end of your opponent's next turn, it will be shuffled back into your deck, allowing you to Special Summon it properly later. 
 Any of the " Sacred Beasts ": If only for a brief moment to gain the field advantage through the effect of " Fallen Paradise ". 
 " Jinzo - Lord ": Its effect can then be used to wipe out all of the opponent's Trap Cards. 
 " Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon ": Its high attack and immunity to targeting effects make it a good target if it can be kept from returning to the deck. 
 Due to criteria cards currently being Forbidden, this card is the only way to Summon " Elemental HERO Neo Bubbleman " and " Guardian Elma ", although you can still Set "Guardian Elma". 
 List 
 Main Deck Level 10 or lower monsters that cannot be Normal Summoned or Set: 
   Primary type Type Attribute Level ATK DEF Akz, the Pumer Effect Monster Beast-Warrior EARTH 6 1500 1000 All-Eyes Phantom Dragon Effect Monster Pendulum Monster Dragon LIGHT 10 3000 2500 Alpha, the Master of Beasts Effect Monster Beast EARTH 8 3000 2500 Amorphactor Pain, the Imagination Dracoverlord Effect Monster Ritual Monster Dragon EARTH 8 2950 2500 Anchamoufrite Effect Monster Pendulum Monster Spellcaster LIGHT 5 1800 0 Ancient Warriors - Rebellious Lu Feng Effect Monster Beast-Warrior DARK 8 2800 2200 Anteatereatingant Effect Monster Insect EARTH 5 2000 500 Aqua Spirit Effect Monster Aqua WATER 4 1600 1200 Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler Effect Monster Fairy LIGHT 10 4000 4000 Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler Effect Monster Fairy LIGHT 10 4000 4000 ... further results 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Tips