Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Thief_Bakura_manga_portal.png


 
 Bandit King Bakura 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Bandit King Bakura 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Bakura, King of Thieves 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 盗 賊 王 バクラ 盗賊王バクラ とうぞくおうバクラ Rōmaji: ( Tōzoku-ō Bakura ) 
 
 
 
 
 Birth 
 II Akhet 15th [1] 
 
 
 Age 
 16 [1] 
 
 
 Height 
 171cm [1] 
 
 
 Weight 
 50kg [1] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Blood type 
 AB [1] 
 
 
 Favorite food 
 Roast Pig [1] 
 
 
 Least favorite food 
 Chickpea Paste [1] 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Yami Bakura  (entity composed of his spirit) 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 180: " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 "  (vision) Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 201: " Memoirs of a Pharaoh "  (actual) 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Ted Lewis 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Rica Matsumoto 
 
 
 German voice 
 Peter Reinhardt 
 
 
 Portuguese voice 
 Fabio Lucindo  (Brazil) 
 
 
 
 Bandit King Bakura , known as  Bakura, King of Thieves  ( 盗 賊 王 バクラ  Tōzoku-ō Bakura ) in the Japanese version, and usually referred to as  Bakura , is a character and one of the main antagonists of the  Pharaoh's Memories  arc of the  anime  and  manga . He is the original identity of the being known as  Yami Bakura . [2] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Memory World 
 
 
 3   Other versions 
 4   Monster ka 
 5   Notes 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
       Thief King Bakura linework     
 Bandit King Bakura has a similar design to  Bakura Ryou , being his Ancient Egyptian counterpart. Thief King Bakura has shorter, gray hair, in contrast to Ryou's long white hair, dark skin, purple-grey eyes, and a 4-stitched scar under his right eye. He also wears an opened red flowing robe, exposing his muscular chest, a kilt, and slippers. He is sometimes seen wearing the  Millennium Ring  or holding the  Millennium Pendant .
 
 Biography 
 History 
Bakura was a villager in  Kul Elna , and was its only survivor when  Akhenaden  and  three other magicians  massacred the village, sacrificing 99 humans to create the Millennium Items. At the time, he was only a child and watched in horror as his family and friends were killed and their bodily components used to create the seven Millennium Items. However, Bakura soon acquired a powerful Ka, " Diabound ", created from both his own hate and the vengeful spirits of Kul Elna. He soon developed a violent hatred felt grudge for  Pharaoh Aknamkanon  for ordering the massacre, and the royal family as well. Bakura soon waged war on Pharaoh Atem's forces.       Thief King Bakura attacking      The full details of this conflict aren't known, but Bakura's Diabound engaged Atem's "Obelisk the Tormentor", and later Bakura's Diabound battled Atem's "Slifer the Sky Dragon". During this conflict, Bakura somehow sealed his own soul within the  Millennium Ring [3] , alongside a portion of  Zorc Necrophades ' soul, eventually merging to make a  composite entity .
 Memory World 
 During  Pharaoh Atem 's celebration, Bakura is taken to be punished for grave robbing, however, his  modern form  takes over his body. After he collected various treasures from the late  Pharaoh Aknamkanon's  royal tomb, he and  his minions  assaulted  Pharaoh Atem 's Palace. 
 Arriving in the central hall, he deposits his stolen treasures and demands that the seven  Millennium Items  be returned to him. The Pharaoh's  six guardians  adamantly refuse and challenge his "Diabound".  Seto 's " Galestgoras " is destroyed when Bakura calls forth "Winged Sage Falcos", a  Ka  of the late Pharaoh. Bakura reveals that he took the  DiaDhank  from Ahknamkamon's tomb as well as the capacity to use the former Pharaoh's favorite creatures. The rest of the guardians are inflamed and summon various creature to battle Diabound.  Mahad 's " Illusion Magician " easily destroys the Winged Sage Falcos, but Bakura's assault crushes  Aknadin 's,  Karim 's and  Shada 's various creatures. Seto then has Karim fuse Seto's " Battle Ox " and " Mystic Horseman " to form " Rabid Horseman " which Bakura's Diabound disables with its serpent's tail but Mahad's Illusion Magician then seals Diabound. However, Diabound breaks free with its attack and crushes Seto's and Mahad's creatures. In an attempt to finish off the guardians, Bakura instructs Diabound to finish them but the attack is stopped by  Isis 's " Spiria " which is destroyed. Atem then steps forward and summons " Obelisk the Tormentor ". Obelisk attacks but Bakura tells Diabound to attack using the power of the " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " from his modern form's Duel with  Seto Kaiba . Obelisk is stopped by the assault although Diabound is banished from the battle. 
 
         Thief King Bakura's showdown with Mahado.     
 Bakura retreats and later attempts to raid another tomb, only to find Mahad waiting in ambush. The battle between Bakura and Mahad is fierce, as Mahad is able to access the  Millennium Ring 's power that had sealed there, becoming much more powerful in the process. Therefore, Illusion Magician is able to fight against Diabound with some success, especially after "Shadow Ghoul" joins the fray on Mahad's side with attacks from the shadows. However, Bakura's Diabound is able to evade and destroy Shadow Ghoul, severely weakening Mahad. Bakura's Diabound then deals a serious blow to Illusion Magician, sending Mahad nearly to his own death. Bakura is then struck with one of the traps in the tomb but frees himself with one of the hanging blades. He then instructs Diabound to attack from the shadows, due to gaining the ability of the destroyed Shadow Ghoul. Illusion Magician is nearly destroyed, and in desperation, Mahad's remaining power fuses with the Illusion Magician to form the " Dark Magician ". Mahad blasts Bakura and Diabound out of the tomb with a massive assault, and Bakura is believed to have died in the rockslide that followed.
 However, Bakura survived the assault and raids the city once more. Furthermore, he has acquired the Millennium Ring and uses its power to evade the guards and enter Aknadin's monster shrine. There, he speaks to Aknadin about the assault on Kul Elna and awakens the darkness that was placed when Aknadin created the Millennium Items. Bakura then instructs Diabound to cause utter devastation and flees, with Atem in pursuit and summons " Slifer the Sky Dragon ". Slifer engages Bakura's Diabound. Due to the fact Diabound defeated Mahad's Shadow Ghoul, Diabound is able to disappear into darkness, and Bakura utilizes this to hide Diabound from Slifer's power. Although Diabound is hit by Slifer after it reveals itself to attack, it disappears again and begins to lay waste to the city. Atem instructs Slifer to protect the citizens, although Atem and Slifer are badly injured when Diabound assaults again. Atem attempts to end the battle by having Slifer attacking Bakura directly but Diabound is revealed to be right behind Atem. Atem is saved by the swift arrival of Seto's " Duos ", and the guardians help fight Diabound out of the city. As Bakura's Diabound reveals itself, Atem tells Slifer to quickly attack, something that likely could have destroyed or severely crippled Diabound. But when Aknadin (fully engulfed in the dark side) cripples Slifer, Diabound then was able to destroy Slifer and Atem appeared to have been rendered powerless. 
 Much to Bakura' surprise, however, the arrival of the Pharaoh's modern-day friends rejuvenates Atem and calls upon " The Winged Dragon of Ra ", mightiest of the three Egyptian Gods. Ra's inherent nature of being the sun god results in the battlefield being engulfed in light, revealing Diabound. Bakura, still confident, reveals that Diabound now has the power of an Egyptian God due to Slifer's destruction. It then assaults Ra, but is repelled by Seto's Duos. Ra then transforms into Egyptian God Phoenix mode and incinerates Bakura's Diabound, killing him. However, his modern form on the  Dark RPG  table activates a  Master Item  to reverse time to the moment where Diabound was about to attack Slifer. Slifer is destroyed again, Atem is crippled, and Bakura is alive once more. Atem then falls into an abyss, barely holding on, and Bakura takes Atem's  Millennium Pendant  before sending Atem to his apparent doom. Bakura also has  Tristan Taylor  possessed by his modern form's splintered fragment. 
 Bakura returns to Kul Elna and inserts the Millennium Ring and the Millennium Pendant into  the Millennium Stone ; he converses with Zorc Necrophades to find the eighth key (the Pharaoh's true name) in the dub. Bakura then awaits the arrival of Atem and the guardians in Kul Elna and calls upon Diabound to fight Atem. Mahado (as the "Dark Magician") arrives to aid Atem and  Mana  comes with the " Dark Magician Girl " to help as well. Although the spellcasters' attacks are powerful, Diabound is protected by a shield created by the spirits of the Kul Elna incident. Seto, Karim and Isis arrive, and Seto and Karim combine Duos and " Curse of Dragon " to create " Duos Dragon " with Dark Magician at the helm that is able to combat Diabound until Bakura uses a  small monster  to attack Karim himself, bringing Karim close to death and destroying Curse of Dragon and separating the fusion. As Bakura tells the spirits to slay Atem, Ahknamkamon's spirit appears and repels the spirits. This also empowers the Dark Magician literally ripping apart Diabound. With Diabound defeated, Bakura is on the verge of death and desperately attempts to put the Millennium Items back into the Millennium Tablet. But due to the fact that some of the Millennium Items are still with their respective guardians, this was fruitless for Bakura until Aknadin arrives and paralyzes Atem's entire group. At this point, his modern form abandons his ancient counterpart's body; the real Bakura has outlived his usefulness and is reduced to sand.
 With Aknadin now as the Great Priest of Darkness, Bakura is revived by the power of Zorc and summons Diabound, revealing that the power of Zorc is so great that even Diabound can still be summoned despite its tablet destroyed. Bakura then proceeds to toy with Atem's group, putting them in different parts of Kul Elna. Bakura later appears in the middle of the village and sacrifices himself to grant a physical body to Zorc Nercophades on Earth. 
 
 
 Other versions 
 Bakura, King of Thieves (manga) 
 Monster ka 
 Diabound  (five forms) 
 Skeleton Fiend 
 Illushu 
 Winged Sage Falcos 
 Notes 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   1.4   1.5   1.6   Yu-Gi-Oh! Character Guide: Millennium Book 
 
 ↑   http://www.yugioh.com/characters/bandit-king-bakura 
 
 ↑   http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-GPZIzFGXhIE/U-3J0FJzX-I/AAAAAAABcs8/YEK1aQtTEIQ/s1600/015.jpg 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Ryuji Otogi 
 Ushio 
 Tomoya Hanasaki 
 Sozoji 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Fangirl 
 Goro Inogashira 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Kujirada 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Imori 
 Nezumi 
 Domino High School staff 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Tsuruoka 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City  residents 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Escaped prisoner 
 Junky Scorpion owner 
 Muscle Hunters 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Mr. Hanasaki 
 Mrs. Hanasaki 
 Delinquents 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 Queue cutter 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Street Fighter 
 Honda's sister 
 Yugi's mother 
 Playing Card Bomber 
 Chief 
 Mr. Clown 
 Step Johnny 
 Hirutani's gang 
 Hirutani 
 Stun gun troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 Yo-yo troop
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ZTV 
 Director 
 Reporter 
 A.D. Fujita 
 Announcer 
 Producer 
 Black-haired bunny 
 Blonde bunny 
 Technician 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Kaiba's chauffeur 
 Kaiba Manor butler 
 Gozaburo's right-hand man 
 Chopman 
 Johnny Gayle 
 Bob McGuire 
 Name unknown (mysterious assassin) 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Kaiba's maid 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Duel Machine 
 Isono 
 Duelists 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Insector Haga 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Keith Howard 
 Tom 
 Ghost Kozuka (Ghost Kotsuzuka) 
 Takaido 
 Satake 
 Esper Roba 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Saruwatari 
 Spy 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Big 5 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Ghouls 
 Card shop owner 
 Rare Hunter 1 
 Pandora 
 Doll 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Mask of Light 
 Mask of Darkness 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Dark Marik 
 Rishid 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Pharaoh's court 
 Atem 
 Akhenamkhanen 
 Seto 
 Isis 
 Akhenaden 
 Shada 
 Kalim 
 Mahado 
 Siamun Muran 
 Mana 
 Ancient Egyptian citizens 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos' host 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Seto's mother 
 Gebelk 
 Other humans 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi Shin 
 Puzzle buyer 
 Johji 
 Amane Bakura 
 Bakura's father 
 Shizuka Kawai 
 Cyndia 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 Haga's helper 
 Mr. Kajiki 
 Ahmet 
 Mushara 
 God Card thief 
 Bobasa 
 Sera 
 Tomo 
 Aigami 
 Monster World 
 Dark Master Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster Spirits 
 The White Dragon 
 Ammit 
 The God of the Obelisk 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Sun Dragon Ra 
 Dark Magician 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Magus of Illusion 
 Spiria 
 Bastet 
 Gadius 
 Battle Ox 
 Duos 
 Dark Ushebti 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider 
 Zelua 
 Kuriboh 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Helimai 
 Illushu 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Gudoul 
 Bone Snapper 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Mystical Elf 
 Curse of Dragon 
 Duos Dragon 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Gagagigo 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty 
 
 Category 
 Portal 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/Bakurathief.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170228102839', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e2/Thief_King_Bakura_linework.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120126044958', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/Bakurawakingdragon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130507094003', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fe/DiaboundandBakura.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20080310005736', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ed/Thief_Bakura_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/164?cb=20171110225011', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters