Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/C._Seto_Rosenkreuz


 
 C. Seto Rosenkreuz 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 C. Seto Rosenkreuz 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 House 
 White Roses 
 
 
 
 
 Deck Leader 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 
 Deck Cost 
 1184 
 
 
 
 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 Power 
 
 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses 
 
 
 PlayStation 2 appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses 
 
 
 
 C. Seto Rosenkreuz  is the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses  incarnation of  Seto Kaiba  and portrayal of  Christian Rosenkreuz . He is a member of the White Roses of York.
 The historical figure he portrays has a mythos that makes it seem as though he lived to the age of 106, and thus it is difficult to know if the person, historically or not, truly was still alive during the setting of the game.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   If the Player joins the Lancastrians 
 1.2   If the Player joins the Yorkists 
 
 
 2   Deck 
 
 
 Biography 
 Seto and his 7 followers, the Rose Crusaders served  Pegasus Crawford , a powerful Yorkist nobleman. Seto almost had the Lancastrians at the mercy of the Yorkists. With defeat likely for the Lancastrians,  Margaret Mai Beaufort  requested a high druid,  Simon McMooran , to summon a duelist from another age.
 After Simon summons a duelist, (the player) Seto interrupts and begins to argue with Simon. Seto tells the duelist that they need 16 Rose Cards to return to their time and both sides have 8 cards, so they may side with either the Red Roses, the Lancastrians or the White Roses, the Yorkists. The player is then left to decide which side to join.
 
 If the Player joins the Lancastrians 
 Seto is disappointed, but respects their decision.
 On August 22nd, 1485, the final battle of the  "Wars of the Roses"  takes place and the Lancastrians emerge victorious.  Henry Tudor  thanks the duelist and asks him to duel Seto at  Stonehenge  to finally end his evil threat.
 After losing Seto says that it was a duel to remember and that he is proud to have fallen at that duelists hands. But then Seto proclaims, it would take a fool to believe that, that he was truly defeated. Thanks to the duelist he could now complete the ritual for the  Great Summoning of the Roses . He explains that he had planned all this from the start. He needed the Rose Duelist to perform the Great Summoning. He came to England and joined the Yorkists, knowing that the Lancastrians would resort to asking the high druid to summon the only duelist with power equal to his. A high powered duel involving the Rose Duelist, while all 16 Rose cards were at this location, was the Ritual. So regardless of his loss Seto was able to Summon the Rose Guardian,  Manawyddan fab Llyr , who then dueled the player.
 Players can obtain the card " Moisture Creature ", using the  find  ability on D4, while playing against Seto.
 
 If the Player joins the Yorkists 
 Seto tells the duelist he wishes he could join him in acquiring the  Red Rose  cards off the Lancastrians, but he is needed to maintain their defenses. After the duelist defeats  Henry Tudor  (Yugi), the Yorkists emerge victorious and Seto congratulates the duelist on his victory. Seto then uses the Red Rose cards that the duelist obtains to complete the summoning, but only to accidentally summon Manawyddan fab Llyr. The Duelist then defeats Manawyddan fab Llyr in a duel. Afterwards, Seto apologizes for the trouble he put the Rose Duelist through, giving the duelist a pendant, saying to show to his descendants in his/her time if they are in trouble, pledging his family's loyalty to the powerful duelist before reversing the spell and sending the Duelist home.
 
 Deck 
 Seto plays a Deck mainly based on  Seto Kaiba's  containing many of his cards from the  Duelist Kingdom  arc. His Spell Cards focus on increasing the  ATK  of his monsters and his Trap Cards deal with negating harmful moves dealt by his opponent.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Ox 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Gear Golem the Moving Fortress 
 Judge Man  x2 
 Kaiser Dragon  x2 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Mikazukinoyaiba 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Sky Dragon 
 Steel Ogre Grotto  # 2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Hannibal Necromancer 
 Hourglass of Courage 
 Hourglass of Life 
 Invitation to a Dark Sleep 
 Kageningen 
 Lord of D. 
 Swordstalker  x2 
 Swordsman from a Foreign Land Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Axe of Despair 
 Cursebreaker 
 Dragon Treasure  x3 
 Gift of the Mystical Elf 
 Legendary Sword 
 Monster Reborn 
 Mountain 
 Sword of Dark Destruction 
 Ultimate Dragon 
 Traps 
 Anti Raigeki 
 Magic Jammer 
 Negate Attack 
 Royal Decree 
 Shadow Spell 
 White Hole 
 v e 
 Seto Kaiba  pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses  characters  Lancastrians 
 Simon McMooran 
 Tea 
 T. Tristan Grey 
 Margaret Mai Beaufort 
 Joey 
 J. Shadi Morton 
 Jasper Dice Tudor 
 Bakura 
 Henry "Yugi" Tudor 
  Yorkists 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Darkness Ruler 
 Necromancer 
 Keith 
 Labyrinth Ruler 
 Pegasus Crawford 
 Ishtar 
 Richard Slysheen of York 
 C. Seto Rosenkreuz 
 Other 
 Mako 
 Manawyddan fab Llyr 
 Deck Master K 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/C._Seto_Rosenkreuz.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20080521151726', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/Lancashire_rose.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090616203251', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Yorkshire_rose.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090616203301']
Categories: Characters, Seto Kaiba pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses characters