Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Battle_Beast


 
 Battle Beast 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Battle Beast 
 
 
 Other   
 謎のデュエリスト ( Nazo no Dyuerisuto, Mysterious Duelist ) [1] ＢＢ  ( Bībī ) [2] 野 獣  ( Yajū , Evil Beast) [3] 
 
 
 Japanese   
 バトル・ビースト 
 
 
 Korean   
 배틀 비스트 
 
 
 Italian   
 Battle Beast 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Duel Academy 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Gladiator Beast 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Sam Black 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Taku Yashiro [1] 
 
 
 
 The  Battle Beast , often abbreviated  BB , is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a member of  Duel Academy  and the most powerful student of  Sanders . As he proved to be too violent to control, the Battle Beast is kept at Duel Academy.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Heartland City 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of BB.     
 The Battle Beast's design seems to be based two-fold, around a Roman gladiator (like his Deck) and also of an archetypal barbarian. While young, the Battle Beast is tall and rather muscular with a lean, well-built frame with a wide chest and large shoulders. His hair is reddish brown and very long, as it passes his shoulders and reaches his back, while also sporting two bangs, both of which almost reach his abdomen. Due to him wearing very little clothing, most of his frame is revealed. The only real clothes he wears are a pair of ragged trousers/shorts, which further emphasizes the brutish theme of his design. He wears a very simplistic necklace with three green fangs and two red orbs, with the center fang being visibly the longest of them. He also wears black wristbands, and has a white armband on his right arm's biceps. On the left side of his upper body, he has a black armband/gladiatorial-like shoulder pauldron, with orange studs around the circumference. Cementing his barbarian motif even further, he walks barefoot.
 
 Personality 
 Blindly competitive and savage, to the degree of coming off as feral, the Battle Beast has no problem in defeating his own comrades and sealing them into cards. Even sealing his opponents may not necessarily save them from the Battle Beast's wrath; he once attempted to crush a card containing one of his victims. Even when calm, he is shown to be very arrogant and sadistic, reveling in others' fear and suffering while showing no restraint. When called out on his actions, the Battle Beast only responds with absolute indifference. His competitiveness can be used against him to a degree;  Yuya Sakaki ,  Gong Strong , and  Crow Hogan  all exploited this in order to cause him to target them. His savagery is such that he is referred as being "Duel starved" and has show violent tendencies like physically assaulting his opponents if needed.
 Despite his savagery and undeniable skill, the Battle Beast seems to something of a coward; attacking from the shadows and retreating behind his  Continuous Trap Cards  when cowed. This is further reflected in his playstyle, given the tag-out effects of the " Gladiator Beasts ". BB seems to struggle dealing with constant pressure and threats from  Sanders  and dislikes taking orders from him. Ultimately, BB dislikes having to fight and only does so for self-preservation, when threatened to be sealed into a card, BB snapped and rebelled against Sanders.
 
 Abilities 
 The Battle Beast is extremely fast and agile, able to match the blinding speed of the ninja-trained  Moon Shadow  with ease, as well as deftly deny  Yuya  (who was using  Rollerboots  at the time) access to  Action Cards  in a Duel. He is also skilled at using the " Predaprimal Jungle " to conceal himself. His camouflage isn't perfect, however, as  Sylvio  could pick out his hiding place by the glowing of his eyes.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 The Battle Beast was trained by  Sanders  to become the strongest Duel Warrior, but his sheer hostility caused him to Duel and seal anyone he encountered into cards. Due to this he was judged defective and imprisoned. [3] 
 
 Heartland City 
 When  Sanders  began a Survival Duel between the  Lancers  and five  Duel Academy  students, the Battle Beast joined the  Battle Royal  as well. He defeated and  sealed   Bernie  into  a card  so swiftly that the change in numbers was barely picked up by those watching. He soon encountered  Moon Shadow  and engaged him in a Duel. Moon proved to be a more even opponent due to his comparable speed and agility, but the Battle Beast began to overpower him.  Ted  joined the Duel and received the intrusion penalty, allowing the Battle Beast to seize the chance to defeat the unprepared student with a single attack, before defeating Moon as well and sealing them both  into   cards . He later defeated and sealed  Ethan  into  a card , before going after  Sylvio Sawatari [1]  and chased him until he fell off the Duel arena. When Sylvio reunited with  Crow , he watched them until  Emma  and  Jacob  arrived. Battle Beast then joined the Duel between the four, receiving the intrusion penalty while they wondered where he was. [4] 
 
       Battle Beast swiftly blocks Yuya's attempt to get an Action Card.     
 The Battle Beast swiftly defeated Emma and Jacob and sealed them  into   cards , before hunting down Crow and Sylvio. Crow eliminated Sylvio from the game by damaging his  Duel Disk  and engaged the Battle Beast directly in an attempt to end the Duel in a  DRAW . The Battle Beast was able to survive, but the attack and its location drew him out of hiding. As  Yuya  and  Gong  arrived, the Battle Beast pinned Crow down and sealed him into a  card . He attempted to stomp on Crow's card, but Sylvio managed to snatch it away from him. The Battle Beast then proceeded to Duel Yuya and Gong. He weathered their attacks by protecting his " Gladiator Beasts " with " Gladiator Beast's Medallion " and used destruction effects in combination with " Thumbs Down " to quickly reduce their  LP . The Battle Beast used  Contact Fusion  to bring out " Gladiator Beast Andabata " and " Gladiator Beast Gyzarus "; Yuya and Gong managed to barely survive his subsequent attacks, as the Battle Beast blocked Yuya's moves to get an  Action Card , forcing Gong to use  one . Incensed at Gong's resistance, the Battle Beast wiped him out with the effect of "Pollice Verso" and prepared to seal him into a card, but was interrupted by the arrival of  Jack Atlas . [3] 
 Jack asked the Battle Beast if he was the one who sealed Crow into a card, and the Battle Beast responded cryptically, prompting Jack to declare his actions unforgivable. Jack Summoned " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " and used its effect to destroy "Andabatae", countering the Battle Beast's efforts to protect it and resulting in the effect "Police Verso" inflicting extra damage. The Battle Beast thought that he'd lost, but the effect of the " Red Warg " that Jack had used to Summon "Scarlight" prevented him from attacking, and the Battle Beast smiled in relief, causing Sanders to yell at him and join the Duel. Sanders brought "Andabatae" back with the effect of " Gladiator Beast Tamer Editor " and told him to show his strength and viciousness to the enemy, causing the Battle Beast to start shaking. Yuya went for an Action Card again, but the Battle Beast was still frozen in shock and Sanders yelled at him again for not following orders. The Battle Beast activated his trump card, " Gladiator Beast Assault Fort ", to protect himself and challenged Yuya and Jack to break through it, shaking again. Sanders threatened to seal him into a card for his disobedience; having had enough, the Battle Beast used the effect of "Tamer Editor" to destroy itself with the intent of defeating Sanders, surprising everyone. [2] 
 
       Battle Beast howls in fury as he leaps to card Sanders.     
 After he defeated Sanders, Battle Beast jumped off the fort and held him down to seal him into a card. Before he could, Yuya ran to stop him but Battle Beast knocked him back. When Yuya revealed that Battle Beast didn't really want to fight, he asked Yuya want would he know. When Yuya revealed their similarities, Battle Beast told them he doesn't care about orders. He also threaten Sanders to seal him into a card for dragging him into a war Duel Academy started on a whim. When Sanders told him to do it, he was about to but learned about Sanders goal to creating the strongest Duel solider in order to carry out the Professor's order to eliminate Yuya. He still got mad when Sanders tried to order him again but learned that it is the Professor's order and that he won't survive if he fails. Battle Beast then activated the effect of " Gladiator Beast's Assault Fort ", returning " Gladiator Beast Augustus " underneath it to the Deck to inflict 1000 damage to Yuya but he  dodged  it. He then used the effect of his other "Fort", returning the " Gladiator Beast Laquari " underneath it to the Deck to inflict 1000 damage to Yuya but Jack used " Red Gazer " to reduce it to 0. [5] 
 
         Battle Beast becomes furious as he is unable to defeat Yuya due to Jack's interference.     
 He got angry and put "Augustus" and "Laquari" back under the "Forts". He was surprised when Jack used the effect of " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend " to destroy all cards on the field, wiping out his forts. However, he brought out " Gladiator Beast Great Fortress " and placed all his monsters in the graveyard under it and negate the effects of all face-up monsters on the field. When Jack attack directly, Battle Beast activated the effect of "Great Fortress", letting him Special Summon "Andabatae" with its effects negated and its ATK becomes 1000 plus the number of monsters underneath "Great Fortress" times 1000. Also, when a monster is destroyed by battle or card effect when "Great Fortress" is face-up, that monster's owner will take 500 damage for each monster sent to the Graveyard. But, Jack used " Red Armor " in his Graveyard and banishes it to prevent "Tyrant's" destruction by battle. Battle Beast then placed "Andabatae" back under "Great Fortress" due to its effect and was angry that he couldn't take Jack down. When Yuya attack directly, Battle Beast used the effect of "Great Fortress" to Special Summon "Andabatae". However he couldn't destroy Yuya's monster due to the effect of " Performapal Guard Dance ". He then Special Summoned "Gyzarus" while Yuya sent "Shieldrummer" to attack. His third Special Summoned monster "Laquari" took on "Odd-Eyes Unicorn" while his final monster "Augustus" blocked "Gongato". When Yuya had "Pararhino" attack directly, Battle Beast activated the effect of the " Gladiator Beast Noxious " in his hand, Special Summoning it in Defense Position. He was laughing that Yuya used up his attacks and couldn't do nothing now until he wondered why his monsters didn't return. He came out of "Great Fortress" and seen his monsters shooting paintballs. His monsters were switched with Yuya's when he used the effect of "Guard Dance" in his graveyard. He was then pull out of "Great Fortress" by the  Performapal  monsters and they dropped him into the paint. He listen to Yuya tell him how fun Dueling can be and that he should Duel his own way. He watched his monsters be destroyed by the effect of " Performapal Pendulum Art & Clean " while muttering Dueling that hurts people end today. When Yuya used the effect of "Pendulum Art and Clean" to destroy all monsters on the field that were Special Summoned this turn, Battle Beast used the effect of "Great Fortress" to inflict damage for each one, defeating him. He blamed himself for hurting so many people but Yuya told him he can atone for it since his true self returned. He cried and apologized when Yuya said he'll save the people that were carded. [5] 
 
 Deck 
 The Battle Beast uses a  " Gladiator Beast " Deck . The "Gladiator Beast" monsters focus on returning themselves to the Deck after a battle to Special Summon other "Gladiator Beasts"; in order to either activate their potent effects or use them to  Special Summon  "Gladiator Beast"  Fusion Monsters  through  Contact Fusion . The Battle Beast focuses highly on removal effects like " Gladiator Beast Murmillo " and " Gladiator Beast Gyzarus ", using these in combination with " Pollice Verso " to reduce his opponent's  LP  even more quickly. To ensure their survival, the Battle Beast protects them with various  Continuous Trap Cards , and when cornered he has the option of protecting himself with " Gladiator Beast Assault Fort ".
 Although Contact Fusion is not considered a  Fusion Summon , Battle Beast has  Summon chants  for his Extra Deck monsters, and uses the standard Fusion Summon gesture.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gladiator Beast Augustus 
 Gladiator Beast Bestiari 
 Gladiator Beast Laquari 
 Gladiator Beast Murmillo  x2 
 Gladiator Beast Noxious 
 Gladiator Beast Secutor Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gladiator Beast Andabata 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gladiator Beast's Great Fortress 
 Traps 
 Gladiator Beast's Assault Fort 
 Gladiator Beast's Medusa Shield 
 Gladiator Beast's Medallion 
 Gladiator Beast's Valor 
 Thumbs Down 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Bernie 
 118 
 Win
 
 
 Moon Shadow ,  Ted 
 118 
 Win
 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari ,  Crow Hogan ,  Emma ,  Jacob 
 119 - 120 
 Win (Crow, Emma, Jacob), No result (Sylvio)
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki ,  Gong Strong  and  Jack Atlas ,  Sanders 
 120 - 122 
 Win (Gong and Sanders), Lose (Yuya and Jack)
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 121: " Brand of Misfortune " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 120: " The Battle Beast " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 119: " Family Face Off " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/BattleBeast.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160927120850', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/FullBattleBeast.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20160828090215', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/BB_Takes_Action_Card.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160927122129', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/BB_Howl.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160927122737', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8b/BB_Furious.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160927122021']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters