Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Ishtar.png


 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mrs. Ishtar  (wife; deceased) Odion  (adopted son) Ishizu Ishtar  (daughter) Marik Ishtar  (son) 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Tomb Keeper 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 88: " Awakening of Evil, Part 3 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Richard Will 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Motomu Anzaki  [1] 
 
 
 
 Mr. Ishtar  is the patriarch of the tomb-guardian Ishtar family, the father of  Marik Ishtar  and  Ishizu Ishtar  and also the adopted father of  Odion , although he refused to admit to be the latter.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Personality 
 2   History 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Trivia 
 5   References 
 
 
 Personality 
 He was a very strict extremist and faithful follower of his clan of Tomb Guardians, whose duties include guarding the  Millennium Items  for the sake of  the Pharaoh . To him, the duty of guarding the Millennium Items and the Pharaoh was more important than his wife and children. He takes the baby Marik from his wife as soon as he's born to declare his son's heritage, leaving his wife to die by Odion's side. He refuses to let any of his family to leave their underground home for the outside world, for the fear of distracting their duties as guardians. He forces the ritual on his family, never letting them have a choice. He also refuses to let another clan take the duties as Tomb Guardians, even when they are worthy of the duties as Tomb Guardians. He believes the Ishtar family is the only clan capable of doing the job and no other clan.
 His love for Marik was only for the sake of the clan, seeing the boy was the only heir, and ignored his pleas for ceasing the clan's ritual of carving on his back. His love for Ishizu and his wife remained unclear, but was willing to use cruel abuse to punish his children if they broke any of the clan's rules. This later leads to his demise when Marik kills him.
 On the other hand, he cared little to none for his adoptive son, Odion. He refused to see the boy as his son to any degree, but instead a servant. He even threatened to kill Odion for any failures on behalf of taking care of Marik, and was not above on killing him for breaking the clan's rules. This is also the reason why Marik murdered his father.
 
 History 
 Little is known for Mr. Ishtar's early life, but as the first born son of the Ishtar clan, he had the Pharaoh's stone tablet symbol carved onto his back at age twelve. Sometime later, he got married.
 When Odion was adopted, Mrs. Ishtar, who loved Odion as a real son, considered to allow him to become the heir of the clan if they did not have a son by Odion's tenth birthday (twelfth birthday in the dub). Her husband, who did not share the same love for the boy, reluctantly agreed. When Ishizu was born, he was disappointed for not having a boy. However, four years later, Marik was born, and though Mrs. Ishtar died giving birth, the clan finally had its heir.
 Odion was then assigned as a carer for Marik, on his father's instructions. When Marik got bitten by a cobra, Mr. Ishtar was furious with Odion's lack of carefulness, and ordered him not to leave Marik's bedside until he was fully cured, threatening him with death for any future failures.
 When Marik was reaching his age of taking the clan's tradition of bearing the carvings on one's back through a ritual, Marik tried to refuse, and Odion offered to take his place, but Mr. Ishtar refused, angrily stating that he was "just a servant", and threatened to cut off his tongue if he asked again. It was this point that he revealed that he never once considered Odion as a full-fledged member of the clan, and even refused to accept him as a son.
 Mr. Ishtar then proceeded to use the  Millennium Rod 's concealed knife to carve the Pharaoh's stone tablet symbol onto his son's back, ignoring his protests and cries of pain, which also spawned  an alternate personality .
 When Odion cut his own face with his own carvings to ease Marik's anger, Mr. Ishtar finds them repulsive, and kept ordering Odion to wear something over his face, and continued to refuse him as a member of the family.
 About a year later, Marik convinced Ishizu to go see the outside world, while Odion kept watch from letting their father to find out. Unfortunately, when the siblings departed, they unknowingly triggered a silent alarm, which alerted their father. Mr. Ishtar was beyond furious, and punished Odion by slicing him with heated blades (a whip in the original anime; the torture was cut from the English dub, and he ordered Rishid to leave after weakening him with the Millennium Rod).
 When Marik returned, he tried to stop his father from hurting Odion, but the man merely pushed him aside and proceeded to torture Odion to a presumed death. He then proceeded to order his son to accept his punishment. However, as Odion was unconscious, nothing was to stop  Yami Marik  from awakening. Yami Marik then sarcastically thanked his father for "killing" Odion. His father, who was unaware of this split personality, was unamused and attempted to punish Marik.
 However, when Yami Marik took the Millennium Rod, his father's indifference turned into fury, ordering him to put it down and accept his punishment. When Marik refused, he tried to lunge at his son. Yami Marik then used the Millennium Rod to slam his father against a pillar, as well as a protesting Ishizu. With his mobility disabled by the Rod's power, Mr. Ishtar's last words were an angry order for his son, who was advancing with the Rod's knife, to stop. Yami Marik, being born of pure hate, sneeringly ignored this final order and proceeded to cut out the tattoo on his back and threw the skin onto the unconscious Odion. In the Japanese anime, Marik simply stabbed his father to death, while in the English dub, he was sent to the  Shadow Realm . Before his death, Mr. Ishtar's anger turned to pure horror as he realized his own son was going to kill him, and his scream was loud enough to travel throughout the entire underground. When Marik woke up, he believes it was the doing of the Pharaoh, as  Shadi  rose behind his father's body and told him the Pharaoh would be coming soon.
 
 Other appearances 
 Mr. Ishtar (manga) 
 Trivia 
 Ironically, Mr. Ishtar putting Marik through with the ritual (proving loyalty to the Pharaoh) formed Yami Marik, the Pharaoh's nemesis and the man who kills him (the man that inflicted the scar on his back) a year later and both Marik and Yami Marik betray the Pharaoh. 
 Mr. Ishtar somewhat resembles  Aknadin , possibly implying that Mr. Ishtar is a reincarnation of Aknadin. Both were loyal and fanatical servants of the Pharaoh (though Aknadin turns evil because of  Yami Bakura 's corruption). Their sons Priest Seto and Marik were both guardians of the Millennium Rod (though Marik technically stole it). 
 References 
 
 ↑   hi-net.zaq.ne.jp   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters  cast 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/Ishtar.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131202223828', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Mr._Ishtar_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20091119022335', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters