Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Portal_talk:Yu-Gi-Oh!_manga_characters

Images 
 Why are all the images being replaced with low quality ones? You can tell ones like  this  have been edited in something like Paint. Someone has tried to erase the background, but has missed parts and taken a chunk out of her hair. The borders are coming out really pixelly as well. The same with the Yugi, Dark Yugi and Jonouchi images. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 00:48, April 17, 2010 (UTC)
 
 Dark Yugi & joey are has higher quality than those used now  Chaos Maker  21:51, April 17, 2010 (UTC) 
 The edges of  your Dark Yugi's  cape, hair and fist are really jagged lines. You've also erased a bit of his cape, just below his left shoulder. In  the Jonouchi one , you've left a yellow border all around him. Even ignoring the rogue outlines, the current Dark Yugi and Jonouchi images are from the bunkoban, which is Takasahi's more recent work. They're much more detailed and artistic. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 22:20, April 17, 2010 (UTC) 
 but little yugi image are not from the bounkuban it from the first volume of the manga and the draw wasn't good enough there, so little yugi form are changed in the newest volumes of the manga, also for the bounkuban images, in my opinion the images which from real manga are much famous than this. 
 Chaos Maker  22:54, April 17, 2010 (UTC) 
 I agree that we need a more recent image of regular Yugi. His appearance in the  current image  is old fashioned. He's never drawn like that anymore. But the  one you've uploaded  is poor quality. Even ignoring the rough edges, it's blurry. It's not fair to say that the bunkoban isn't the "real" manga. It's like a remastered version of the original. --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 23:19, April 17, 2010 (UTC) 
 I much rather prefer the original ones that Deltaneos first put up. They have better quality and a much more refined style, though I do agree that the one with Yugi needs replacing to reflect how he looked in his last appearance. Amazing how a mangaka's style evolves over the years. PoirotH  03:27, April 18, 2010 (UTC) 
 The portal image should be in good quality with no bad cutting/erasing the background. Although I agree that we need more recent image for Yugi Muto, but if the new image is bad editting and blurry like the one that Chaos Maker uploaded, it isn't worth for a portal image to be kept. -- Blackwings0605  09:39, April 18, 2010 (UTC) 
 Manga specific articles 
 How many of these characters should have articles specifically for themselves in the manga? So far we've got:
 
 Yugi Mutou (manga) 
 Dark Yugi (manga) 
 Anzu Mazaki (manga) 
 Katsuya Jonouchi (manga) 
 Hiroto Honda (manga) 
 Seto Kaiba (manga) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (manga) 
 Dark Bakura (manga) 
 Sugoroku Mutou (manga) 
 Tetsu Ushio (manga) 
 Based just on his appearance in the original manga, I wouldn't have considered Ushio, but since he's also in the  5D's  manga, he has one.
 There are some I've intended to give articles to, but haven't gotten around to yet. And there are a lot I'm unsure about. Does anyone else have any opinions on who should and shouldn't have separate manga articles? --  Deltaneos  ( talk ) 21:02, September 15, 2012 (UTC)
 
 I would say, don't actively discourage the creation of manga-specific articles for any character, unless such an article for a given character would never have the potential to be anything more than a  substub . If this is the approach we take, then, then the question of what articles we actually *want* becomes one of "what are you interested in working on" instead of "what do we think we  need ". Of course, this is from someone that doesn't actually work on our character articles, so take that as you may. ;)  「 ディノ 奴 千？！ 」 ?  ·  ☎ Dinoguy1000  12:18, September 16, 2012 (UTC) 
 
 
 
Categories: