Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Millennium_Ring


 
 Millennium Ring
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name
 
 
 Millennium Ring
 
 
 
 Japanese name
 
 
 千 年 リング
 
 
 
 Rōmaji name
 
 
 Sennen Ringu
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 
 
 
 
 Korean
 
 
 천년 링
 
 
 
 Polish
 
 
 Milenijny Pierścień
 
 
 
 
 
 Use
 
 
 Millennium Item 
 Containing  Bandit King Bakura 's soul and a part of  Zorc Necrophades 's soul, merged to form  Yami Bakura  (Formerly) 
 
 
 Creator(s)
 
 
   Aknadin 
 
 
 
 Owner(s)
 
 
   Bakura Ryou ( See also history of possession )
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Appears in 
 
 
 
 
 
 Manga
 
 
   Yu-Gi-Oh!   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World 
 
 
 
 Anime
 
 
   Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series)   Yu-Gi-Oh! (second series)   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters   Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 
 
  The  Millennium Ring  ( 千 年 リング [1] [2]   Sennen Ringu ; explanatorily spelt  千 年 輪 [Note 1]  in the  Millennium World arc [3] ) is one of the  Millennium Items . It was the item held by  Mahad  in the past and  Bakura Ryou  in the present.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   History 
 
 1.1   Ancient Egypt 
 1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 2   Abilities 
 3   History of possession 
 4   Notes 
 5   References 
 
 
 History 
 Ancient Egypt 
 3,000 years before present day events (5,000 in the dub), the Millennium Ring and the other  Millennium Items  were forged in  Kul Elna  by sacrificing 99 souls of the Kul Elna villagers. The items were created in order to protect Egypt from attackers.  Mahad  had the Millennium Ring before  Bandit King Bakura . Bakura sealed his soul in the Ring, along with a portion of  Zorc 's, which formed  Yami Bakura .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 In the present day at the start of the anime  Bakura Ryou  had it, he later lost it to  Yami Marik . After  Yugi  defeated Marik, Marik Ishtar gave the Ring to Yugi. When  Rex  and  Weevil  mistakenly took Yugi's Millennium Items in an attempt to steal his  Egyptian God Cards , Yami Bakura retrieved it back from them. As the RPG replayed Atem's life, Bandit King Bakura managed to steal it again from  Mahad . He once again gathered the Items and Summoned Zorc. Yugi then retrieves the Millennium Ring after the demise of Zorc and Yami Bakura. Also, as seen in a brief scene from the manga,  Mana  gained the Millennium Ring after the final battle with Zorc.
 After the  Ceremonial Battle , the Ring, along with all the other  Millennium Items , fell underground. Later, in  The Dark Side of Dimensions , while the  Millennium Puzzle  was being excavated,  Mani  found the Millennium Ring, and his mind got warped by its evil. He then got incinerated thanks to the Ring, and it got transported to another dimension. After  Aigami  returned to that dimension, the Ring warped him into  Dark Diva , and transformed the  Quantum Cube  into a huge crimson cube that started absorbing the world and spread its darkness across the globe, until Aigami was defeated by Yugi and Atem, and was reverted back to normal. Following Atem and Yugi's attack, the Millennium Ring was supposedly destroyed.
 In  Capsule Monsters ,  thousands of years before the events of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ,  Alexander the Great  came into possession with this item. During his time, he won many battles with it, and claims it to be his lucky charm, but years later, the Ring somehow corrupted his mind (possibly, it has the power to split a person's soul into two pieces: one is Alexander's light-soul and the other is Alexander's dark-soul due to the fragment of Zorc's soul and his power being sealed away).
 In the manga, this ring has a gruesome effect on a wearer who has not the ability to maintain its shadow powers. If the wearer is not strong enough, then the ring will burn their soul and body, as seen when a thief who tried to steal it was forced to wear it by  Shadi ; after the ring's prongs punctured his chest, the thief had fire pouring out of his eyes and mouth and died horribly, a scene that  Maximillion Pegasus  saw, who was then subsequently forced to accept the  Millennium Eye .
 The strong people who managed to survive the ring's power are:  Mahad ,  Bakura Ryou ,  Alexander the Great ,  Yami Marik , presumably,  Mana  in the manga, and  Seto Kaiba  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB  video game.
 The ring is also featured on the chest of " Ma'at ".
 
 Abilities 
       Yami Bakura holding the Millennium Ring     
 Its primary power is to guide the owner to whatever he seeks, including other Millennium Items, like a compass. It even detects non-physical objects like mystical energies or dark emotions. Like the Millennium Puzzle, it had a soul sealed inside of it, in this case a fragment of the soul of  Zorc Necrophades  (who had also lost his memories) and a portion of Bakura's past life, Bandit King Bakura. Another well-known power of the Ring is its ability to seal one's soul, or portions of one's soul into other objects, including itself and other Millennium Items.
 It can also harness the magic of the Shadow Games. It can initiate mystical games where the players cannot be disturbed, cast illusions, and manipulate souls. It also gives the owner other magic powers, including clairvoyance, interfering with the powers of other Millennium Items, immobilizing people, and knocking people unconscious. 
 In the  Memory World  arc, Bandit King Bakura used it to access his Diabound's ability to camouflage itself in the dark, so he could sneak into the pharaoh's palace, though he later states that Diabound becomes more powerful the more Millennium Items he holds (a trait likely true regarding most monster spirits).
 Only in the anime, the Ring also has an unexplained bond with its owner, as shown when Bakura mysteriously regained the Ring after  Tristan  threw it off a cliff into the forest in Duelist Kingdom. In  The Dark Side of Dimensions , when young Bakura touched the Ring for the first time, it released tremendous amount of dark energy and merged with his body. This all was presumably due to Zorc's malignant powers.
 
       The Ring's prongs dug into Ryou's skin, preventing him from taking it off.     
 Only in the manga, if the Ring found a suitable host, it can dig its prongs into the wearer's chest, preventing them from taking it off.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters , its revealed that the Millennium Ring has the ability to split the owner's soul in two as seen with  Alexander The Great  and  Yami Alexander .
 The Millennium Ring seems to possess the darkest powers, possibly due to having been corrupted by Zorc's powers ever since its creation (whence it fell into a chasm where the Tablet of Lost Memories rose from and Zorc emerged the first time). Mahad even mentioned that he could sense incredibly evil energy within the Ring when he wore it.
 There is evidence of corruptive power still existing within it too, in spite of no longer housing the soul of Zorc, as the Ring still has the ability to turn others evil, as it had done with Aigami and Mani in  The Dark Side of Dimensions . One possible explanation for the lingering corruption is that the soul of the original Thief King Bakura is still in the Ring, assuming he was de-fused with the now-expelled Zorc during the Millennium Ring's purification, but this remains purely in the realm of speculation. Alternatively, the Millennium Ring may house many lost souls that may influence a wearer, explaining why insufficiently strong hosts to the Ring fall into corruption and madness.
 
 History of possession 
 
 
 Holder
 
 Means of acquisition
 
 
 Mahad's predecessor 
 
 Made for Mahad's predecessor.
 
 
 Mahad 
 
 Inherited.
 
 
 Bandit King Bakura 
 
 Stolen from Mahad.
 
 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 
 Acquired after Bakura sacrificed himself to summon Zorc.
 
 
 Alexander the Great 
 
 (Only in Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters.)
 
 
 Mana 
 
 (Only in the manga)
 
 
 Millennium Ring thief 
 
 Stolen.
 
 
 Bakura's father 
 
 Bought the Ring while in a visit to Egypt.
 
 
 Bakura Ryou / Yami Bakura 
 
 Bakura's father gave it to him, the Ring contained the evil spirit that became  Yami Bakura .
 
 
 Yami Marik 
 
 Yami Bakura  lost the Ring to  Yami Marik  in a  Shadow Game .
 
 
 Yugi Muto / Yami Yugi 
 
 After they defeated Marik, Marik Ishtar gave the Ring to them.
 
 
 Rex  and  Weevil 
 
 When Rex and Weevil mistakenly took Yugi's Millennium Items in an attempt to steal his Egyptian God Cards (anime only).
 
 
 Bakura Ryou / Yami Bakura 
 
 Yami Bakura retrieved it back from Rex and Weevil (anime). Ryo found it on the Battle Ship (manga).
 
 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 (Only in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Monster Capsule GB ).
 
 
 Yugi Muto 
 
 RPG ended.
 
 
 Mani 
 
 Found the ring in the tomb, and later had it go to another dimension.
 
 
 Aigami / Dark Diva 
 
 Found the ring in the dimension, warping his mind and appearance.
 
 
 Ma'at 
 
 The ring is featured on the chest of  Ma'at .
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   With 輪  wa / rin  meaning "circle; ring". 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (1998-01-14). " 遊闘 50  千 年 の 敵 １－ 謎 の 転 校 生 ― " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  6 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-872505-0 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2003-03-09). " 遊闘 281  超古代遺物 の 真 実 ‼ " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  32 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-873390-8 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2003-03-09). " 遊闘 284  邪 悪 なる 影 " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  32 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-873390-8 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Millennium Items Items 
 Millennium Puzzle 
 Millennium Eye 
 Millennium Ring 
 Millennium Scale 
 Millennium Key 
 Millennium Rod 
 Millennium Necklace 
 Movies 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Quantum Cube 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/MillenniumRing.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070805235102', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/Millennium_Ring_anime.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161227121637', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/YGO-050_Enter_Dark_Bakura.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20101030195722']
Categories: Jewelry, Millennium Items