Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Scud


 
 Scud 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Scud 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Kudaragi 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 百済木 百済木 くだらぎ Rōmaji: ( Kudaragi ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Scud's gang 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kendo Kobayashi 
 
 
 German voice 
 Marco Kröger 
 
 
 
 Scud , known as  Kudaragi  in the Japanese version, is a character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions . He leads  a gang  of misfits and bullies at  Domino High School .
 
 Personality 
 Typical of a gang leader, Scud is abusive, arrogant and violent. He is shown to be quite sadistic, enjoying to see others suffer and make them miserable. He goes far enough to even record his targets when he bullies them.
 Deep down he's weak-willed and a coward, who becomes intimidated quite easily at the sight of someone or something stronger than him.
 In  Duel Links  when he logs into the virtual world, the system detects him as "weak brain pulses". This shows that for all his intimidation, he is quite frail as a person.
 
 Biography 
 Scud and his gang were picking on  Aigami , saying he has a cute face, but Aigami was defended by  Joey Wheeler . Knowing that he was in a gang before, they left, but after telling Aigami to meet them later. When they threatened to attack Aigami with weapons, Aigami used the  Quantum Cube  to disintegrate him and his gang.
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions   characters Yugi's companions 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Atem 
 KaibaCorp 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Virtual Dark Yugi 
 Chief Kuwabara 
 Plana 
 Aigami 
 Mani 
 Sera 
 Shadi Shin 
 Other 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Sanpei 
 Mr. Karita 
 Scud (Kudaragi) 
 Duke's father (Otogi's father) 
 Bakura's father 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Slave merchant 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/Kudaragi.png/revision/latest?cb=20160804203612']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions characters