Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_005


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 005 
 
 
 
 
 Titan with his dice simulator. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 闇 のデーモンデッキ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Yami no Dēmon Dekki 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Demon Deck of Darkness 
 
 
 English 
 The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 005 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 3, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 17, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah (快晴・上昇・ハレルーヤ)" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle (限界バトル)" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Shin Yoshida 
 
 
 Director 
 Kyoung Soo Lee 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Hatsuki Tsuji 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Chi Man Park 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Raring To Go " 
 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 "The Shadow Duelist, Part 1" , known as  "Demon Deck of Darkness"  in the Japanese version, is the fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 3, 2004 and in the United States on October 17, 2005.
 Jaden Yuki  faces off against  Titan , a Duelist hired by  Dr. Crowler  to scare Jaden away from  Duel Academy , and one claiming to be able to initiate  Shadow Games .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Titan 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 As the episode begins,  Alexis Rhodes  stands in front of an old building at night where she places a rose near the front of a statue and says, "Be at peace, wherever you are."
 Jaden Yuki ,  Syrus Truesdale  and  Chumley Huffington  are in their dorm, telling ghost stories using their cards. They would draw a card and, the higher the  Level , the scarier the story must be. After drawing the Level 4 " Earthbound Spirit ", Syrus tells a story about a swamp monster that lured a boy into its grasps with a " Dark Magician " card. Jaden draws the Level 1 " Sinister Serpent ", and instead of an scary story, he tells them about a memory he had. When he was a kid, he used to hear strange voices coming from his closet. However, nothing was ever there, but his cards. Jaden however tells them that whatever the strange thing was, he had recently been hearing the voices again, referring to  Winged Kuriboh .  Professor Banner  comes to join in and ends up drawing the Level 12 " Five-Headed Dragon ". For his ghost story, he tells them about an  Abandoned Dorm  on the edge of the island that had been shut down when many students went disappearing there. Banner tells them that the kids who disappeared were involved in  Shadow Games , duels played using the  Millennium Items . Syrus mentions that he had heard of the dorm before, so Jaden decides they should go the following night and check it out.  Dr. Crowler  overhears them outside and decides to use it to his advantage in getting rid of Jaden.
 Meanwhile, in the city, a mysterious Duelist had beaten another Duelist in a Duel and claims to have taken his soul using a  pendant  resembling the  Millennium Puzzle . After the other Duelist collapses, he receives a call on his cell phone, someone asking him to come to  Duel Academy  and he agrees to do so. The following day, Crowler watches Jaden fall asleep in class again and thinks to himself about how this class would be his last. That night, Crowler meets up with the mysterious Duelist by the lighthouse. He reveals himself as  Titan , the Shadow Duelist. Crowler hires him to scare Jaden, so that the latter will exit Duel Academy and cease irking Crowler. In the English version, Titan states he'll send Jaden to the  Shadow Realm , while in the Japanese version, he informs Crowler that he charges three months pay, regardless of the job.
 Meanwhile, Jaden, Syrus and Chumley walk to the abandoned dorm and come across the rose that Alexis had left behind. Syrus and Chumley are frightened by a snapping twig, which turns out to be Alexis. After asking why she is there, Alexis tells them that she should ask them the same thing. After Jaden questions why Alexis is there, she snaps at him and tells them that they'll be expelled if they're caught. Alexis reveals that the rumors about the disappearing students are true because one of those students that had disappeared was her  brother . Jaden however still wants to see the dorm, so the three head inside. After they leave, Alexis is confronted and kidnapped by Titan. As the three search the dorm, they find most of the walls covered in ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics of the Millenium Items, as well as a picture of a student whom Jaden did not recognize. Meanwhile, Alexis wakes up and finds herself tied up in a coffin. Titan tells her that she was being used as bait for his trap. As she screams, the boys hear her and run through the dorm to find her. They later come across her " Etoile Cyber " card on the ground and find her located in a cave connected to the dorm.
 Titan reveals himself to the three, and tells Jaden that the only way to free her is to beat him in a Shadow Duel. Jaden argues that Shadow Games don't exist, but Titan tells him that that is what the others whom he had defeated believed as well. Jaden believes Titan must be behind the disappearances of the students and is willing to duel him to get Alexis back. Titan warns him, however, that in a Shadow Duel, the loser loses his soul. 
 Into the duel, Titan uses the pendant around his neck to create a black fog that slowly surrounds the room. Jaden suddenly begins to notices that parts of his body are mysteriously disappearing each time he loses lifepoints and Syrus and Chumley too begin feeling weak. Titan tells them that this is all due to the power of his Millennium Item.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Titan 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Turn 1: Titan 
 Titan   draws . He then  Normal Summons  " Infernalqueen Archfiend " (900/1500) in  Attack Position . Due to the  effect  of "Infernalqueen Archfiend", the  ATK  of all " Archfiend "  monsters  wil be increased by 1000 as long as "Infernalqueen Archfiend" is  face-up  ("Infernalqueen Archfiend": 900 → 1900 ATK). Titan then  activates  " Pandemonium ". Now neither player has to  pay   LP  for the  Maintenance Cost  of an "Archfiend" monster during the  Standby Phase . When an "Archfiend" monster is  destroyed  by a card effect and sent to the Graveyard, that player can  add  one "Archfiend" monster with a lower  Level  than the destroyed monster from his  Deck  to his  hand .
 Turn 2: Jaden 
 Jaden  draws " Hero Signal ". Jaden's hand contains " Elemental HERO Avian ", two copies of " Mirror Force ", (one of these copies was replaced by " Polymerization " in the Dub) " Emergency Provisions ", and " Mirror Gate ". He then Normal Summons "Avian" (1000/1000) in Attack Position and  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 3: Titan 
Titan draws. He then Normal Summons " Terrorking Archfiend " (2000 → 3000/1500) in Attack Position since he  controls  an "Archfiend" monster. "Terrorking Archfiend" then  attacks  "Avian", but Jaden activates his  face-down  "Mirror Gate" to switch  control  of both battling monsters before damage is calculated. However, Titan activates the effect of "Terrorking Archfiend" to roll a  die . If the result is a two or five, Jaden's "Mirror Gate" will be  negated  and  destroyed . Titan gets a two, so "Mirror Gate" is negated and destroyed. "Terrorking Archfiend" then destroys "Avian" (Jaden: 4000 → 2000 LP). Jaden then activates his face-down "Hero Signal" to  Special Summon  " Elemental HERO Clayman " (800/2000) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to draw two cards. He then activates " Polymerization " to  fuse  "Clayman" and " Elemental HERO Sparkman " to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant " (2400/1500) in Attack Position. Since "Thunder Giant" was Fusion Summoned, Jaden activates its effect to destroy "Terrorking Archfiend", but Titan activates the effect of "Terrorking Archfiend" to roll a die. Titan gets a five, so the effect of "Thunder Giant" is negated and "Thunder Giant" is destroyed.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Trivia 
 According to Syrus (in the dub), Chumley failed math, which he states following the activation of Terrorking Archfiend's special ability when Chumley states that the odds are way in Jaden's favor, Chumley denies failing math, stating that he got a 54. Regardless of whether or not he passed math, his calculations in this situation were correct, as Titan has to get a 2 or 5, otherwise Jaden wins should the result being anything else; thus meaning that Jaden has 4/6 chance while Titan has a 2/6 chance. 
 Errors 
 In the Japanese version, Jaden is shown to have a second "Mirror Force" in his hand. However in the next episode, the second "Mirror Force" is not in his hand anymore and it's replaced with " Mirage of Nightmare ". 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Thunder Giant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Pot of Greed 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Hero Signal 
 Mirror Force  x2 
 Mirror Gate 
 
 Titan Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Infernalqueen Archfiend 
 Terrorking Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Pandemonium 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Earthbound Spirit 
 Effect Monsters 
 Electromagnetic Turtle 
 Etoile Cyber 
 Obnoxious Celtic Guardian 
 Shadow Ghoul 
 Sinister Serpent  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/Series005.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130101140419', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes