Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_042


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 042 
 
 
 
 
 Paradise Stadium keeps track of the Top 16. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 バトルロイヤル 始 動 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Batoru Roiyaru Shidou 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Battle Royale Begins 
 
 
 English 
 Battle Fields 
 
 
 Number 
 042 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 8, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 4, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( fr ) 
 October 20, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 March 31, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Burn! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Future fighter! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Bracing For Battle " 
 " Fire And Ice " 
 
 
 
 
 " Battle Fields ", known as " Battle Royale Begins " in the Japanese version, is the forty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on February 8, 2015 and in Australia on January 4, 2016. Nicktoons aired it on November 5, 2017. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on December 13, 2016
 16 duelists, including  Yuya , who passed the second round of  Arc League Championship , now compete in a  Battle Royal . This is a competition taking place in four battle zones, and Pendulum Cards are scattered around these Zones. At the Iceberg Zone,  Zuzu  and  Gong  duel against  Halil  and  Olga  respectively, both exchange students of  LID . Over at the Volcano Zone, Yuya faces off with  Taka  and  Nagi  from the  Bandit Warrior Academy  in a tough 1 on 2 match, in which the latter are determined to win back the reputation of their own school...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Yuya Sakaki vs. Taka and Nagi 
 2.2   Zuzu Boyle vs. Halil 
 2.3   Gong Strong vs. Olga 
 
 
 3   Errors 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   In other languages 
 6   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 The Battle Royal between the last-16 competitors of the Junior Division of the Arc League Championship begins at noon as scheduled. As per the rules explained by  Nico Smiley , none of the competitors can duel until they find  Pendulum Cards  scattered around  Paradise City . Each competitor is seen looking around for two such cards, with their Duel Disks already active.  Zuzu  is looking inside a bush when she comments to  Yuya , not far from her, that  Shay  hasn't turned up. Yuya knows that Shay did reach the last 16 with them as well. With a smile, Zuzu decides to split up to search for Pendulum Cards. Yuya stops her momentarily, and with a warm smile, hopes Zuzu keeps herself safe. Zuzu returns the appreciation and continues on her way. Back at the stadium, Nico Smiley puts on the " Quartet of Quandary " Action Field Spell. Pink hemispheres emerge in various locations across Paradise City, transforming the surrounding area into volcanic, freezing, forest-like and ravaged conditions based on where the competitors are standing. Nico Smiley announces the deadline as noon the following day, before closing out his commentary.
 Yuya is in the volcano-affected part of the city when he finds his second Pendulum Card. A voice calls out to him from the right, and Yuya sees that two competitors have emerged to challenge him, both from the  Bandit Warrior Academy . Remembering that he already knocked out their leading light in the previous round, Yuya nervously faces them down. The stadium then turns its focus on the imminent duel between Yuya and the two Bandit Warriors,  Taka  and  Nagi , which Nico announces to the audience.  Allie ,  Frederick  and  Tate  become worried for Yuya. Due to the ante rule, each competitor has to wager one Pendulum Card if they challenge each other.  Claude  at the Leo Institute informs  Declan , when he enters, that Yuya's duel has already begun. Naga and Taki gesture to Yuya to let him go first, the same way that  Iggy Arlo  did, causing him to recoil, but he remembers to duel the way he believes in, and summons " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer ". Taka and Nagi are eager to send Yuya to his defeat, using the same words that Iggy said to Yuya. They remember how Iggy was delivered an  OTK  by their opponent. Yuya denies any knowledge or awareness of his actions during that duel, telling his opponents that it's not how he plays. He proceeds to set a card and end his turn.
 Meanwhile, in a blizzard-affected part of the city,  Gong  finds his second Pendulum Card. He hears a flirty giggle from somewhere.  Olga  looks momentarily and runs off, still laughing. Gong chases after her. Back at the volcano-affected area, Taka begins his turn by drawing. He tells Yuya that the  Pendulum Summon  no longer belongs to him, and proceeds to set the Pendulum Scales with " Pendulumstatue Purple Shield " and " Pendulumstatue Purple Sword ". Using the standard chant, he Pendulum Summons " Tsumuji the Earthwind Star " and " Arashi the Skywind Star ". Nico is awed at the Pendulum Summons being performed against Yuya. Using "Pendulumstatue Purple Sword's"  Pendulum Effect , Taka has his monsters gain 200 ATK each. Then he goes into battle, ordering "Tsumuji the Earthwind Star" to attack "Performapal Skeeter Skimmer". Yuya responds by switching it to  Defense Position  to block the attack. Taka has his other monster attack, but before it does, Yuya is already running off to find an  Action Card . However, Nagi knocks him back and goes ahead to take the Action Card for himself, while Yuya has to prevent himself from falling into the lava. The  You Show  Youths again curse the Bandit Warriors' unfair play, although Tate notes their teamwork. Nagi activates the Action Card immediately, " Flame Ball ", which hits Yuya for 200 of his  Life Points . Yuya is seething with anger. Taka has yet to end his turn; he plays " Polymerization ", performing a  Fusion Summon  in which he chants:  "The wind shall blow! The storm shall run wild! The surging god of destruction shall descend! Fusion Summon! Appear, " Fujin the Breakstorm Star  ((Dub) "Together, these  2   titans  combine into 1 furious warrior! I Fusion Summon!  Fujin the Breakstorm Star !")"!  Using his monster's effect, Taka shaves another 500 Life Points from Yuya as his turn ends. Knowing that Nagi will have his turn next, Yuya runs off for another Action Card. However, Taka gives chase.
 Back at the blizzard-affected area, Zuzu shivers as she appears to have lost direction. A voice responds having heard Zuzu speak, and a boy appears claiming to have burned up after all that running. He recognizes Zuzu and greets her happily, introducing himself as  Halil  from the  Leo Institute 's Anatolia campus. He was on exchange studying the Fusion course, and saw Zuzu's victory against course rep  Julia Krystal  (Julia isn't mentioned in the dub), and wants to put Zuzu to the test. She politely says she doesn't have her second Pendulum Card yet. But Halil offers one to Zuzu, having already picked up three on his way. Zuzu kindly accepts the offer; knowing she has to duel, she tells Halil that she's an entertainer who duels using Fusion Summon. Halil sees this as a great learning opportunity, to which Zuzu agrees. At the stadium, the focus momentarily shifts to the impending duel between Zuzu and Halil. Having wagered their respective cards, Zuzu and Halil begin their duel.  Skip  encourages his daughter with one of his "fired up" speeches, while the You Show Youths know that they're watching two of their colleagues duel at the same time. But Tate has worries about Yuya, who's still being chased.
 Nagi begins his turn, and sets the Pendulum Scales using the same two cards as Taka. Using the standard chant, he Pendulum Summons " Todoroki the Earthbolt Star " and " Senko the Skybolt Star ". Nico notes the turn of events at the volcano area just as a duel in the blizzard area commences. Halil goes first and summons " La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp ". He sets two cards and ends his turn. Zuzu gets her turn underway, and draws the card she needed; she sets the Pendulum Scales with " Pendulumstatue White Butterfly " and " Pendulumstatue White Flower "; however, Halil responds by activating " Absorbing Lamp ". He negates the activation of "Pendulumstatue White Flower" and adds it to his hand as per "Absorbing Lamp's" effect. Zuzu sulks, lamenting her failure to Pendulum Summon as she gives her card away. Halil says that thanks to his studies, he knew he could use "Absorbing Lamp", because setting a Pendulum Scale is like activating a  Spell Card . Nonetheless, Zuzu brings out " Opera the Melodious Diva " as a Normal Summon. Knowing she can't attack with it yet, she ends her turn, much to Halil's pleasure.
 Meanwhile, Gong has tracked down his opponent. Olga notes the familiarity of the landscape with her surroundings back home, and when she's surrounded by familiarity, she won't lose. Gong says he trains himself to survive extreme conditions every winter, specifically on New Year's Day. Olga turns around and introduces herself as a student of Leo Institute's Nordic campus, who's on exchange studying the Synchro course. Nico notes that another duel is about to begin in the blizzard area, but returns his focus on the other duel between Halil and Zuzu. Halil draws, and is pleased that he drew a Pendulum Card, though he says this out loud, which draws an annoyed reaction from Zuzu. Halil sheepishly says that he got carried away. Nevertheless, he is excited because he can finally perform a Pendulum Summon of his own. He sets the Pendulum Scales with the card he stole from Zuzu, as well as " Pendulumstatue Red Fiend ". However, he places "Pendulumstatue Red Fiend" on the wrong zone, and wonders what's wrong. Looking more closely at his "Pendulumstatue Red Fiend", he mutters about wanting to make  dueltaining  popular in his country (cut from the dub). Halil tries a few more times to find the right spot to place his card. Exasperated, Zuzu tells Halil that he has to place his Pendulum Cards on the furthermost zones on his Duel Disk. So he places "Pendulumstatue Red Fiend" on the right-most zone, then shifts "Pendulumstatue White Flower" further left, and finally his Duel Disk responds. 
 Halil is thrilled; Zuzu happily responds that she's returning the favour after being given a Pendulum Card so that they can duel. Using the standard chant, he Pendulum Summons " Red Lamp " and " Purple Lamp ", then rejoices at his successful Pendulum Summon. Halil has "Red Lamp's" effect activate to inflict 600 damage on Zuzu. After being happy for Halil, Zuzu braces herself for "Purple Lamp's" effect which lets Halil search out a "Polymerization" in his deck, and add it to his hand. Immediately afterwards, he surprises Zuzu by activating the card. He chants:  "Spirit called from the darkness, be reborn carrying a soul of flames! Fusion Summon! Please show up,  Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp ! ((Dub) " The wish-granting spirit of the lamp summoned from the vast point of the unknown  will be inflamed with  the force of fire ! I Fusion Summon!  Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp !")"  Nico announces that Halil performed a Pendulum Fusion, as Zuzu stares defiantly. Halil has his new Fusion Monster inflict another 600 damage on Zuzu, and she squeals. Then, Halil activates the Pendulum effect of "Pendulumstatue Red Fiend" to boost his monster's ATK by 300. As Halil enters the Battle Phase, Zuzu starts running off for an Action Card. "Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp" destroys "Opera the Melodious Diva" with a single touch, shaving off 400 of Zuzu's Life Points while she's still running. Then, Halil has "Purple Lamp" attack Zuzu directly. Zuzu is hit, falling on her left shoulder and sliding on the ice as her Life Points fall to 800. She sees an Action Card ahead of her, grabs it, but falls off the edge of the ice. She cries out desperately. Halil gets on his monster's hands and chases after Zuzu. 
 Meanwhile, as Taka continues to chase Yuya, Nagi uses "Pendulumstatue Purple Sword's" Pendulum Effect to boost his monsters by 200 ATK. Yuya is still running just as he's faced with a direct attack from "Todoroki the Earthbolt Star". The monster unfortunately catches up to him, blasting Yuya backwards with its baton and reducing his Life Points to 1000. Yuya lands next to an Action Card on his right, but his right arm is pinned down by Taka's foot just as he goes to grab it. With a taunt, Taka takes the Action Card and activates it; it's another "Flame Ball", and brings Yuya down to 800. Nagi then has "Senko the Skybolt Star" attack Yuya directly. Yuya responds by activating " Performapal Pinch Helper ". It negates a direct attack aimed at Yuya, then lets Yuya summon a " Performapal " monster with 800 or less ATK from his deck. " Performapal Thunderhino ", with its effects negated, is called out in Defense Position. Nagi responds by activating the  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Frontline Fusion ". While performing martial-art movements, Nagi chants:  "Shine to the heavens! Shake the earth! Descend, the lightning god of destruction! Fusion Summon! Come out,  Raijin the Breakbolt Star ! ((Dub) " Unite the heavens !  Shake the earth ! Powers of lightning and thunder, unleash your fury! I Fusion Summon!  Raijin the Breakbolt Star !")"  Nagi immediately has his new monster attack, knowing that he'll win because it deals  piercing  damage. Tate, Frederick and Allie realise this as well. Thus, Yuya runs off again. While he does so, he sends "Performapal Pinch Helper" to the Graveyard to halve the battle damage he takes from this attack. However, he blacks out while taking the hit, and lands with his eyes closed.
 Meanwhile, Gong and Olga are locked in duel. Gong ends his turn, and before Olga can start hers, she hears Zuzu screaming from above. She falls on Olga's left and knocks her to the ground. Zuzu is holding her head with her left hand when Gong notices her, and she reacts with surprise as well. However, Olga is not pleased that Zuzu's body is pinning her down, and angrily scolds. Zuzu hurriedly gets back on her feet and apologizes. Zuzu's Duel Disk then sounds, and she notices it change the setting of the duel. Gong notices the setting change as well. When Olga gets up, she then hears a voice from behind and sees Halil on his monster. Nico realises that the two duels in the blizzard area have merged, and announces that the two duels will continue together, as a tag duel with Zuzu and Gong facing Halil and Olga. Tate wonders how it happened, although Frederick is excited at this development.
 Meanwhile, in the ravaged area,  Shay  has yet to locate his opponent. His opponents, however, do find him, and surround him on three sides, eager to gain retribution for  Chalac's  defeat to him. Shay knows that he's facing the Knights of the Duel Disks. In the forested area,  Sun Shadow  and  Moon Shadow  of the  Fuma Clan Duel School  are hurrying along swiftly.  Celina  unwittingly enters the area, and this is picked up by the cameras at the Leo Institute. Declan, however, is more interested in Yuya's situation, where he is unable to get up despite still having Life Points. Taka and Nagi are confident of putting the duel to an end. However, Yuya does get up, refusing to back down. However, Taka then reveals "Fujin the Breakstorm Star's" effect which inflicts damage during the End Phase, and Nagi happily proceeds to declare it. Just as Yuya is about to be hit, something blocks the effect. A voice is then heard by the three duelists, who react with surprise that a fourth duelist has joined the duel. An orange-haired guy asks if he can join in. 
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yuya Sakaki vs. Taka and Nagi 
       Yuya  vs.  Nagi  and  Taka .     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Yuya 
 Yuya   Normal Summons  " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer " (500/1600) in  Attack Position  and  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Taka 
 Taka   draws  " Pendulumstatue Purple Shield " and subsequently activates it (   5) and " Pendulumstatue Purple Sword " (   11) in his  Pendulum Zones . Taka  Pendulum Summons  " Tsumuji the Earthwind Star " (2200/???) and " Arashi the Skywind Star " (2300/???) in Attack Position. Taka activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Purple Sword", letting him increase the  ATK  of all  Warrior - Type   monsters  he  controls  by 200 once per  turn  ("Tsumuji" 2200 → 2400), "Arashi" 2300 → 2500). "Tsumuji"  attacks  "Skeeter Skimmer", but Yuya activates the effect of "Skeeter Skimmer" as it is being attacked, changing it to  Defense Position  and  negating  the attack. Yuya tries to get an Action Card, but  Nagi  beats him to it. "Arashi" attacks and  destroys  "Skeeter Skimmer". Nagi activates the Action Card " Flame Ball ", which inflicts 200  damage  to his opponent (Yuya: 4000 → 3800  LP ). Taka activates " Polymerization ",  fusing  "Tsumuji" and "Arashi" from his  field  to  Fusion Summon  " Fujin the Breakstorm Star " (3000/2200) in Attack Position. At the  End Phase , the effect of "Fujin" activates, inflicting 500 damage to Yuya for each Warrior-Type monster on the field (Yuya: 3800 → 3300 LP).
 Turn 3: Nagi 
Nagi activates "Purple Shield" (   5) and "Purple Sword" (   11) in his  Pendulum Zones . Nagi Pendulum Summons " Todoroki the Earthbolt Star " (2100/???) and " Senko the Skybolt Star " (2400/???) in Attack Position. He then activates the Pendulum Effect of "Purple Sword", increasing the ATK of his monsters by 200 ("Todoroki": 2100 → 2300, "Senko": 2400 → 2600). "Todoroki" attacks  directly  (Yuya: 3300 → 1000 LP). Yuya tries to get an Action Card, but Taka blocks him and takes it for himself. Taka subsequently activates the Action Card "Flame Ball", inflicting 200 damage to Yuya (Yuya: 1000 → 800 LP). "Senko" attacks directly, but Yuya activates his face-down " Performapal Pinch Helper ", negating the attack and  Special Summoning  a " Performapal " monster with 800 or less  ATK  from his  Deck , but its effects are negated. Yuya Special Summons " Performapal Thunderhino " (200/1800) in Defense Position. Nagi then activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Frontline Fusion ", which allows him to Fusion Summon a Fusion Monster from his  Extra Deck , using monsters from his hand or his side of the field as Fusion Materials during the  Battle Phase . He fuses "Todoroki" and "Senko" from his field to Fusion Summon " Raijin the Breakbolt Star " (3000/2200) in Attack Position. "Raijin" attacks "Thunderhino", but Yuya activates the other effect of "Pinch Helper", which allows him to  send  it to the Graveyard and halve any  battle damage  either player takes from the  battle . "Raijin" destroys "Thunderhino", with its effect inflicting  piercing  battle damage to Yuya (Yuya: 800 → 200 LP). At the End Phase, the effect of "Fujin" would inflict 500 damage to Yuya for each Warrior-Type monster on the field, but  Dennis  joins the Duel and activates effect of his " Performage Damage Juggler " to prevent the damage.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Zuzu Boyle vs. Halil 
         Zuzu  vs.  Halil .     
 At the start of the Duel, the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Halil 
 Halil   Normal Summons  " La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp " (1800/1000) and  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Zuzu 
 Zuzu   draws  " Pendulumstatue White Butterfly " and subsequently activates it (   3) and " Pendulumstatue White Flower " (   9) in her  Pendulum Zones . Halil activates his  face-down  " Absorbing Lamp ", which  negates  the activation of a  Spell Card  and then  adds  that card to his hand. He negates "White Flower" and adds it to his hand. Zuzu Normal Summons " Opera the Melodious Diva " (2300/1000). Its effect prevents it from  attacking  the turn it is Normal or  Special Summoned .
 Turn 3: Halil 
Halil draws " Pendulumstatue Red Fiend " and subsequently activates it (   1) and "White Flower" (   9) (after some difficulty and some help from Zuzu) in his  Pendulum Zones . Halil Pendulum Summons " Red Lamp " (900/???) and " Purple Lamp " (1600/???) in Attack Position. As "Red Lamp" was  Special Summoned , Halil activates its effect, which inflicts 600  damage  to Zuzu (Zuzu: 4000 → 3400 LP). As "Purple Lamp" was Special Summoned, Halil activates its effect, which lets him add " Polymerization " from his  Deck  to his hand. He then activates it, fusing "La Jinn" and "Red Lamp" from his field to  Fusion Summon  " Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp " (2400/???) in Attack Position. He activates its effect, which lets him inflict 600 damage to Zuzu (Zuzu: 3400 → 2800 LP). He then activates the  Pendulum Effect  of "Red Fiend", which increases the  ATK  of all  FIRE  monsters on the field by 300 ("Fire Jinn": 2400 → 2700). "Fire Jinn" attacks and destroys "Opera" (Zuzu: 2800 → 2400 LP). "Purple Lamp" attacks  directly  (Zuzu: 2400 → 800 LP).
 Zuzu gets an Action Card, but she slides away out of control on the ice field and crashes into  Olga , who is Dueling  Gong . This turns their Duel into a  Battle Royal   Tag Duel , with Zuzu and Gong vs. Halil and Olga.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Gong Strong vs. Olga 
 At the start of the Duel, the  Field Spell Card  " Quartet of Quandry " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Duel is shown from an unspecified  turn .  Gong   controls  " Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch " (500/300) in  Attack Position  and has 2400  LP , while  Olga  controls " Glacial Beast Blizzard Wolf " (???/???) and " Glacial Beast Polar Penguin " (???/???) and has 2600 LP.
 Gong has ended his turn and it is Olga's turn. Before she can begin,  Zuzu  crashes on her and the Duel is turned into a Battle Royal  Tag Duel , with Zuzu and Gong vs.  Halil  and Olga.
 Duel continues in the next episode . 
 
 Errors 
 In the dub, one of Yuya's opponents stated that he could Pendulum Summon monsters between 6 and 11 when 6 and 11 were actually included as to what Levels he could Pendulum Summon. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Skeeter Skimmer 
 Performapal Thunderhino Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Performapal Pinch Helper 
 
 Gong Strong Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Superheavy Samurai Blowtorch 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend 
 
 Zuzu Boyle Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Opera the Melodious Diva 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue White Butterfly 
 Pendulumstatue White Flower 
 
 Halil Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Effect Monsters 
 Purple Lamp 
 Red Lamp 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Red Fiend 
 Pendulumstatue White Flower Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fire Jinn the Flame Genie of the Lamp Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Absorbing Lamp 
 
 Olga Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Glacial Beast Blizzard Wolf 
 Tuner monsters 
 Glacial Beast Polar Penguin 
 
 Dennis McField Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performage Damage Juggler 
 
 Taka Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Shield 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Sword 
 Other 
 Arashi the Skywind Star 
 Tsumuji the Earthwind Star Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Fujin the Breakstorm Star Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 
 Nagi Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Shield 
 Pendulumstatue Purple Sword 
 Other 
 Senko the Skybolt Star 
 Todoroki the Earthbolt Star Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Raijin the Breakbolt Star Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Frontline Fusion 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Quartet of Quandry 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Flame Ball  x2 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Performapal Cheermole [Notes 1] 
 Performapal Turn Toad [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Idaten the Conqueror Star 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bamboo Battleground 
 Mad Hurricane [Notes 2] 
 Magic Star Sword 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Champs de bataille
 
 
  German 
 Schauplatz des Duells
 
 
  Italian 
 Campi di battaglia
 
 
  Korean 
 배틀 로열의 시작
 
 
  Thai 
 แบทเทิลรอยัลเริ่มได้
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card can be seen on  Yuya 's  Duel Disk . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in  Yuya 's  hand . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " #002 " Swing into Action: Part 2 " #003 " Trade Bait: Part 1 " #004 " Trade Bait: Part 2 " #005 " Toying Around: Part 1 " #006 " Toying Around: Part 2 " #007 " Mr. Mystery " #008 " Bad Business " #009 " Dueling with the Stars " #010 " You Show 'Em " #011 " Going, Going, Gong " #012 " Battle Under the Big Top " #013 " Circus Surprise! " #014 " The Show Must Go On " #015 " In it to Win it " #016 " Menu Venue: Part 1 " #017 " Menu Venue: Part 2 " #018 " Trapped in a Card " #019 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " #020 " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " #021 " Beyond Belief " #022 " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " #023 " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " #024 " For Our Tomorrows " #025 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " #026 " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " #027 " Challengers Assemble " #028 " Something's Fishy " #029 " Fusion Foes " #030 " Gong the Strong " #031 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " #032 " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " #033 " Making the Cut: Part 1 " #034 " Making the Cut: Part 2 " #035 " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " #036 " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " #037 " A Dark Reflection " #038 " Warped " #039 " Imperial Wrath Awakening " #040 " Stealth Warriors " #041 " Bracing For Battle " #042 " Battle Fields " #043 " Fire And Ice " #044 " Danger Zones " #045 " Obelisk Assault " #046 " Dragon's Vengance " #047 " Identity Crisis " #048 " Battlefronts " #049 " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/ArcV_042.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150208182413', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/Yuya_VS_Ken_and_Makoto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150208150907', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Yuzu_VS_Halil.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150208152601', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes