Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Axel_Brodie_(Duel_Links)


 
 Axel Brodie 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Axel Brodie 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 Austin O'Brien 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Duane Cooper 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Naru Kawamoto 
 
 
 
 Axel Brodie  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Axel Brodie , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. Previously, he was only seen in screenshots during the  Duelist Chronicles GX: Yubel   event . He appeared as a Roaming Duelist on October 23, 2020. He appears in the event  D.D. Castle: Assault , where was made obtainable on December 5, 2020.
 Red Gate Keys are required to duel Axel at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 This transfer student from West Academy uses his expert survival skills to navigate all the new challenges at Duel Academy. As a first-class duelist, Axel uses "Volcanic Doomfire" to burn everyone to a crisp with Effect Damage.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Axel Brodie Deck Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fire Eye  x3 
 Fireyarou  x2 
 Flame Manipulator  x3 
 Flame Viper  x3 
 Hinotama Soul  x3 
 Wings of Wicked Flame  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Hinotama 
 Sparks  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 Volcanic Fire Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Flame Manipulator  x3 
 Hinotama Soul  x3 
 Wings of Wicked Flame  x3 
 Volcanic Rat  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Volcanic Shell  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Sparks  x3 
 Traps 
 Volcanic Recharge  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Volcanic Flame Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fireyarou  x3 
 Flame Champion 
 Volcanic Rat  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fire Trooper 
 The Thing in the Crater  x2 
 Volcanic Blaster  x3 
 Volcanic Shell  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Hinotama  x2 
 Volcanic Wall 
 Traps 
 Volcanic Recharge  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Volcanic Burning Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Darkfire Soldier 1  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Flame Ruler  x2 
 Flame Spirit Ignis 
 Infernal Flame Emperor 
 Invasion of Flames  x2 
 Neo Flamvell Sabre 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Shell  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Blaze Accelerator 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Soul of Fire 
 Tri-Blaze Accelerator  x2 
 Traps 
 Volcanic Recharge 
 Level 40 
 
 Volcanic Fire Blaze Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Royal Firestorm Guards  x3 
 Sergeant Electro 
 The Blazing Mars 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rocket  x3 
 Volcanic Slicer  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Blaze Accelerator 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Tri-Blaze Accelerator  x2 
 Wild Fire 
 Traps 
 Blaze Accelerator Reload 
 Volcanic Recharge  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Axel reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Soul of Fire "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Axel Brodie)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Fire Trooper "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Axel Brodie)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Volcanic Counter "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Solar Flare Dragon "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Volcanic Scattershot "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Soul of Fire "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 FIRE Reload ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Fire Trooper "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Volcanic Counter "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Solar Flare Dragon "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Axel Brodie)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Volcanic Scattershot "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Fire Trooper "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Volcanic Counter "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Volcanic Scattershot "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Solar Flare Dragon "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Axel Brodie)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Volcanic Wall "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Axel, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Prometeor, the Burning Star "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " The Blazing Mars "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Inferno "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Command Knight "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Laval Magma Cannoneer "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Volcanic Slicer "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Darkfire Soldier 1 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Raging Flame Sprite "
 
 
 N 
 
 " King Pyron "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Flame Manipulator "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Fire Eye "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Volcanic Burning Deck
 
 At the beginning of the Duel,, add 2 "Volcanic Shell", 1 "Volcanic Doomfire", 1 "Blaze Accelerator", and 1 "Tri-Blaze Accelerator to your Deck. In addition, you can use the following effects once per Duel:
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random FIRE monster in your Deck.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Fire Reload
 
 Can be used if you only have FIRE Pyro-type monsters in your hand. Return all cards in your hand to your Deck and shuffle it. Then draw the same number of cards that you returned to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Blaze Accelerator Deployment
 
 Turn 1 "Blaze Accelerator" you control into "Tri-Blaze Accelerator". This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Blaze Accelerator Recovery
 
 Return up to 3 "Volcanic" or "Blaze Accelerator" card(s) from your Graveyard to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Blaze Accelerator Reserve
 
 Can be used by sending 1 or 2 "Volcanic" monster(s) from your hand to your Graveyard. Choose "Blaze Accelerator" card(s) from your Deck or Graveyard equal to the number of cards you sent from your hand to the Graveyard, and add it/them to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fight on the Front Lines
 
 All FIRE Pyro-Type monsters you control gain 200 ATK and DEF.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Final Mission
 
 If your Life Points are at 1000 or below, place 1 "Volcanic Counter" in your Graveyard. This Skill can be activated with higher Life Points, but its effect will succeed with greater probability when your Life Points are lower. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Maximum Firepower
 
 Until the end of the turn, 1 FIRE Pyro-Type monster you control gains 200 ATK times the number of FIRE Pyro-Type monsters in your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reloading!
 
 Can be used by sending 1 or 2 FIRE monster(s) from your hand to your Graveyard while you control a "Blaze Accelerator" card. Choose "Volcanic" monster(s) from your Deck equal to the number of cards you sent from your hand to the Graveyard, and send it/them to your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Volcanic Force
 
 Send 1 face-up "Tri-Blaze Accelerator" you control to the Graveyard, and play 1 "Volcanic Doomfire" from your Deck, hand, or Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Axel announces "This isn't practice! This is war! So Duel like it!"
 when he wins the duel, he says "I forgot to stay calm and alert." followed by "Only you can make me lose my cool." 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "You're easy to figure out, but hard to defeat." or "Jaden, thanks for reminding me what my father taught me." 
 Supreme King Jaden 
 When starting a Duel with  Supreme King Jaden,  Axel announces "Jim... Lend me your strength..." or "Jaden, I won't let evil take over your soul!" or "I made it this far because my friends believe in me."
 When he wins the Duel, he says "Defeat the darkness and rid yourself of this terror!" or "It's lonely to live in the shadows. Believe me, I know." 
 When he loses the Duel, Axel says "Sorry, Jim. I failed." or "Argh... Ahhhhhhhhh!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Doomfire ", a cut-in frame of Axel briefly appears, and he makes an announcement. If that player hasn't already Summoned "Volcanic Doomfire" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Volcanic Doomfire" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go! Volcanic Doomfire!" followed by "Volcanic Cannon!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Volcanic Doomfire's effect activates!" followed by "Volcanic Chain!" 
 When he summons this card he makes one of the following announcements:
 "Witness the full power of my Volcanic Burn Deck!" followed by "Go! Volcanic Doomfire!" 
 "I'll Special Summon this card!" followed by "Here's Volcanic Doomfire!" 
 When Axel Summons " Maiden of the Aqua ", a cut-in frame of Axel's face briefly appears, and he announces "You're a reminder that there's still a Duelist inside me!" followed by "Maiden of the Aqua!" or "You have the power to drown the field!" followed by "Maiden of the Aqua!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Maiden of the Aqua! Attack!" 
 When Axel Summons " The Blazing Mars ", a cut-in frame Axel's face briefly appears, and he announces "The Blazing Mars!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Blazing Mars attacks!" followed by "Syrtis Major!" 
 When Axel activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I banish 3 monsters from my Graveyard to Special Summon!" 
 When Axel activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The Blazing Mars activates its effect!" followed by "It sends my other monsters to the Graveyard to deal damage!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Hammerer ", a cut-in frame of Axel's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Volcanic Hammerer!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Volcanic Hammerer!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Volcanic Hammerer's effect kicks in!" followed by "In exchange for attacking this turn, it deals you damage!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Queen ", a cut-in frame of Axel's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon Volcanic Queen!" or "This monster... It reminds me of...Mom?"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Volcanic Queen!" 
 When Axel activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Volcanic Queen activates her effect!" followed by "I send a card on my field to deal damage!" 
 When Axel activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "To keep Volcanic Queen in play, I'll Tribute..." 
 When Axel Summons " Dancing Fairy ", he announces "We meet again, Dancing Fairy!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I'm counting on you, Dancing Fairy!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dancing Fairy's effect activates!" followed by "Thanks for saving me." 
 When Axel Summons " Fire Trooper ", he announces "Let's Go! Fire Trooper!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fire Trooper, engage!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces When Fire Trooper is Summoned, its effect kicks in!" followed by "I send it to the Graveyard to deal you damage!" 
 When Axel Summons " Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective ", he announces "Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective attacks!" 
 When Axel activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective's effect activates!" followed by "I tribute Pyro monsters to increase its ATK points!" 
 When Axel activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Gaia Soul is destroyed during the End Phase." 
 When Axel Summons " Infernal Flame Emperor ", he announces "Come out, Infernal Flame Emperor!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernal Flame Emperor attacks!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernal Flame Emperor's effect activates!" followed by "For every FIRE monster I banish, I destroy a Spell or Trap!" 
 When Axel Summons " Royal Firestorm Guards ", he announces "Come on out! Royal Firestorm Guards!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Royal Firestorm Guards! Attack!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Royal Firestorm Guards' effect activates!" followed by "I return 4 Pyros in my Graveyard to my deck to draw 2 cards!" 
 When Axel Summons " Sergeant Electro ", he announces "Front and center, Sergeant Electro!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sergeant, attack!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Sergeant Electro's effect activates!" followed by "The card it targets can't activate!" 
 When Axel Summons " Solar Flare Dragon ", he announces "Rise up, Solar Flare Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Solar Flare Dragon, burn 'em up!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Solar Flare Dragon deals you damage during this End Phase!" 
 When Axel Summons " The Thing in the Crater ", he announces "The Thing in the Crater!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Thing n the Crater attacks!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When The Thing in the Crater is beat, its effect activates!" followed by "I can Special Summon a Pyro monster from my hand!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Blaster ", he announces "Volcanic Blaster!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Volcanic Blaster! Fire!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Volcanic Blaster is destroyed, it’s effect activates!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Counter ", he announces "Volcanic Counter!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Volcanic Counter attacks!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I already have my final plan in motion!" followed by "The Volcanic Counter in my Graveyard deals you damage!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Rat ", he announces "Volcanic Rat!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Volcanic Rat! Attack!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Rocket ", he announces "Volcanic Rocket!"
 Most of the when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Volcanic Rocket!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Volcanic Rocket adds a Blaze Accelerator to my hand!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Scattershot ", he announces "Volcanic Scattershot!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Volcanic Scattershot attacks!" 
 When Axel activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Volcanic Scattershot went to the Grave, so you take damage!" 
 When Axel activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I fire 2 Volcanic Scattershots to destroy all your monsters!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Shell ", he announces "Volcanic Shell!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Volcanic Shell!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Volcanoc Shell's effect activates from my Graveyard!" followed by "I pay 500 LP to add a Volcanic Shell in my deck to my hand!" 
 When Axel Summons " Volcanic Slicer ", he announces "Volcanic Slicer!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Volcanic Slicer, blast 'em!" 
 When Axel activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Volcanic Slicer's effect!" followed by "You take damage, but this card can't attack this turn." 
 When Axel Summons " Wild Fire Token ", he announces "I Special Summon a Wild Fire Token!"
 Most of the time when Axel declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Wild Fire Token attacks!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Axel activates " Backfire ", he announces I activate the Continuous Trap, Backfire!"
 When Axel activates the effect of that card, he announces "Backfire's effect deals you damage!" 
 When Axel activates " Blaze Accelerator ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Spell, Blaze Accelerator!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Axel announces "I activate Blaze Accelerator's effect!" followed by "I'm loadin' up a monster! Aaand fire!" 
 When Axel activates " Blaze Accelerator Reload ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Blaze Accelerator Reload!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Axel announces "Blaze Accelerator Reload's effect activates!" followed by "By discarding 1 Volcanic card, I draw a card from my deck!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Axel announces "I banish Blaze Accelerator Reload from my Graveyard!" followed by "That causes a Volcanic in my deck to go to the Graveyard." 
 When Axel activates " Burial from a Different Dimension ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Burial from a Different Dimension!" followed by "It returns 3 banished monsters to the Graveyard!" 
 When Axel activates " Soul of Fire ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Soul of Fire!" followed by "You get to draw a card, but I get to deal you damage!" 
 When Axel activates " Tri-Blaze Accelerator ", he announces "I upgrade Blaze Accelerator into Tri-Blaze Accelerator!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Axel announces "I energize my Tri-Blaze Accelerator!" followed by "It fires a Pyro to destroy your monster, and deal you damage!" 
 When Axel activates " Volcanic Recharge ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Volcanic Recharge!" followed by "Return up to 3 Volcanic monsters in my Graveyard to my deck!" 
 When Axel activates " Volcanic Wall ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Volcanic Wall!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Axel announces "Volcanic Wall's effect activates!" 
 When Axel activates " Wild Fire ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Wild Fire!" followed by ”Wild Fire erases Blaze Accelerator to destroy all monsters! Then it Specials Summons a Wild afire Token!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Axel activates " Firewall ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Firewall!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Axel announces "That won't work. I activate Firewall's effect!" followed by "I banish a Pyro from my Graveyard to cancel your attack." 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Axel announces "Should I pay Firewall's cost during this Standby Phase" 
 When Axel activates " Metalsilver Armor ", he announces "A true leader takes on all the risks!" followed by "The Equip Spell, Metalsilver Armor!" 
 Trivia 
 Axel's Summoning Pose is similar to the pose he had in the Japanese  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  intro song " Precious Time, Glory Days ". 
 Initially, Axel Brodie did not have a 3D cutscene for " Volcanic Doomfire ". But as of December 5, 2020, the cutscene for "Volcanic Doomfire" has been made available when summoned by Axel Brodie. 
 The inclusion of " The Blazing Mars  as card-specific dialogue comes from Axel's use of that card in  chapter 58  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga. 
 The inclusion of " Dancing Fairy " and " Maiden of the Aqua " as card-specific dialogue references how the card spirit counterparts of the said cards were allied with Axel in the  Duel Monsters Spirit World . 
 The inclusion of " Metalsilver Armor " as card-specific dialogue references how Axel, Aster, and Zane donned the said armor to infiltrate  The Supreme King's castle  in  episode 142  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. 
 The card " Volcanic Wall " is a Spell Card, but the text and voice line in the game erroneously list it as a Trap Card. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Jaden/Yubel , Axel Brodie,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo ,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler ,  Yuma and Astral ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Bronk Stone ,  Tori Meadows , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Mai Valentine , and  Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) ,  The Paradox Brothers , Espa Roba, and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik  and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki  and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Tyranno Hassleberry , and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi , Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate voice lines for specific Monster Cards:
 Mai Valentine -  Cyber Harpie Lady 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon ,  Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl 
 Axel Brodie - Maiden of the Aqua, Volcanic Doomfire 
 Carly Carmine  -  Fortune Fairy Ann ,  Fortune Fairy Chee ,  Fortune Fairy En ,  Fortune Fairy Hikari ,  Fortune Fairy Hu ,  Fortune Fairy Swee 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2a/AxelBrodie-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/336?cb=20201026151914', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/Profile-DULI-AxelBrodie.png/revision/latest?cb=20201022154537', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/97/CutIn-DULI-AxelBrodie.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201022160210', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Summoning-DULI-AxelBrodie.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201022160921', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/Defeat-DULI-AxelBrodie.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20201022154633', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters