Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Sylvio_Sawatari_(Duel_Links)


 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 Shingo Sawatari 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Michael Crouch 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Shogo Yago 
 
 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Sylvio Sawatari , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V  anime.
 He appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for earning a combined total of 500,000 or more Duel Assessment points in Duel World (ARC-V) Duels.
 Yellow  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Sylvio Sawatari at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Level 10 
 4.3   Level 20 
 4.4   Level 30 
 4.5   Level 40 
 4.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Card-specific 
 
 8.1.1   Monsters 
 8.1.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Monsters 
 9.2   Spell/Traps 
 
 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Pompous and proud, Sylvio considers himself one of the elite - and it's easy to see why! Not only does he attend the top-ranked Leo Institute of Dueling, his father is a heavyweight on the city council who's on the fast track to becoming the next mayor! But despite all his bluster, you shouldn't underestimate him - he's a skilled Duelist who expertly wields Yosenju and Abyss Actor monsters. After dueling against Yuya, Sylvio learns to love Dueltaining - which is perfect for a Duelist who wants to bask in the spotlight!
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 
 
 
 Win 3 Duels against Sylvio Sawatari while playing as  Yuya Sakaki .
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Win against Sylvio Sawatari with a Duel Assessment of at least 4000.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Perform 3  Pendulum Summon (s) in one Duel against Sylvio Sawatari using Yuya Sakaki.
 
 20 R Jewels
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 50 Yellow Gate Keys
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Djinn the Watcher of the Wind  x3 
 Goblin Calligrapher  x2 
 Neo Aqua Madoor 
 Prisman  x3 
 Sealmaster Meisei  x3 
 Turtle Raccoon  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Dark-Piercing Light  x2 
 Traps 
 Gust  x2 
 Taunt 
 Level 10 
 
 Sylvio Sawatari is Up! Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Emperor of the Land and Sea 
 Turtle Raccoon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Garum the Storm Vassal  x3 
 Lucius the Shadow Vassal 
 Metal Shooter 
 Yosenju Kodam  x3 
 Yosenju Tsujik Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Dark-Piercing Light  x2 
 Mystical Wind Typhoon 
 Yosen Training Grounds 
 Traps 
 Fire Darts  x2 
 Treasure Map 
 Level 20 
 
 Call Me Neo Sylvio! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch 
 Edea the Heavenly Squire  x3 
 Escher the Frost Vassal 
 Garum the Storm Vassal  x3 
 Lucius the Shadow Vassal  x2 
 Metal Shooter 
 Yosenju Kodam  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Dark-Piercing Light 
 Mystical Wind Typhoon 
 Tornado 
 Yosen Training Grounds 
 Traps 
 Fire Darts 
 Typhoon 
 Level 30 
 
 It's Neo New Sylvio! Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Yosenju Izna  x2 
 Yosenju Kama 2  x2 
 Yosenju Kama 3  x3 
 Yosenju Kodam  x3 
 Yosenju Magat 
 Yosenju Misak 
 Yosenju Tsujik 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Mayosenju Daibak 
 Yosenju Shinchu L 
 Yosenju Shinchu R Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Yosen Training Grounds  x2 
 Yosenju Wind Worship  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Sylvio's Dueltaining Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Eidos the Underworld Squire 
 Escher the Frost Vassal 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Mobius the Mega Monarch 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Abyss Actor - Evil Heel 
 Abyss Actor - Extras 
 Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian 
 Abyss Actor - Leading Lady 
 Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie 
 Abyss Actor - Superstar 
 Abyss Actor - Trendy Understudy 
 Abyss Actor - Wild Hope Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Abyss Script - Abysstainment 
 Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic 
 Abyss Script - Fire Dragon's Lair 
 Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony 
 Traps 
 Abyss Actors Back Stage 
 Abyss Actors' Curtain Call 
 Breakthrough Skill 
 Dark Advance 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Tag Team Possibilities Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch 
 Eidos the Underworld Squire 
 Escher the Frost Vassal 
 Metal Shooter 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser 
 Abyss Actor - Evil Heel 
 Abyss Actor - Extras 
 Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian 
 Abyss Actor - Leading Lady 
 Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie 
 Abyss Actor - Superstar 
 Abyss Actor - Trendy Understudy 
 Abyss Actor - Wild Hope Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Abyss Script - Abysstainment 
 Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic 
 Abyss Script - Fire Dragon's Lair 
 Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony 
 Traps 
 Abyss Actors Back Stage 
 Abyss Actors' Curtain Call 
 Breakthrough Skill 
 Level-up rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Yosenju Shinchu R "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck Slot (Sylvio Sawatari)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " The Monarchs Awaken "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck Slot (Sylvio Sawatari)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Pendulum Extra Charge (Skill)
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Yosenju Shinchu R "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " The Monarchs Awaken "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Neo Sylvio (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Mayosenju Hitot "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Yosenju Shinchu R "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " The Monarchs Awaken "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck Slot (Sylvio Sawatari)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian "
 
 
 31
 
 100000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Abyss Actor - Comic Relief "
 
 Duel rewards 
 
 
 Rarity 
 
 Card 
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Mayosenju Hitot "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Yosenju Shinchu L "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Tlakalel, His Malevolent Majesty "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Lucius the Shadow Vassal "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Tornado Bird "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Gust Fan "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Timidity "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Gust "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Taunt "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill 
 
 Effect 
 
 Unlock 
 
 
 Super Star of Abyss Actor
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 " Abyss Actor - Superstar " and 1 " Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony " to your Deck.
 Can be used once per Duel if your Extra Deck contains 3 or more face-up " Abyss Actor " monsters including 1 or more "Abyss Actor - Super Star". Add 1 "Abyss Actor - Superstar" to your hand from your Deck or Extra Deck. Then, return 1 card in your hand to your Deck. In addition, add a Pendulum Zone to your field if you began the Duel with a Deck that has 9 or more DARK Pendulum Monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Pendulum Extra Charge
 
 Can be used when you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones. Select one of them and add it face-up to its original owner's Extra Deck. You cannot Special Summon any monsters other than by Pendulum Summoning the turn you activate this Skill. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Neo Sylvio
 
 Can be used once per Duel if you control a monster that was Tribute Summoned. Change 1 Spell/Trap Card in your hand to a different card.
 Spell Card: " Frost Blast of the Monarchs " 
 Trap Card: " The Monarchs Awaken " 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Attack Burst
 
 Can only be used up until your 3rd turn, and only once. Select 1 monster you control. It gains 500 ATK. At the end of the turn, this monster's ATK will become 0.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Blowing Up Yosen
 
 Select 1 " Yosen Training Grounds " you control and place  Yosen Counter (s) on it equal to the number of " Yosenju " monsters on your field. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 In addition, add a Pendulum Zone to your field if you began the Duel with a Deck that has 9 or more "Yosenju" monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Neo New Sylvio
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 " Yosenju Shinchu L " and 1 " Yosenju Shinchu R " to the bottom of your Deck. In addition, the following effect can be used once per Duel after your Life Points decrease by 2000. Return 1 " Yosenju " card in your hand to your Deck and add 1 " Yosenju Oroshi Channeling " to your hand from outside of your Deck.
 This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains at least 9 " Yosenju " cards. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Pendulum Booster
 
 If you have 2 cards in your Pendulum Zones, during your turn only, the ATK of all monsters are increased by 50 multiplied by the number of highest Pendulum Scale of Pendulum Monster Cards in your Pendulum Zones.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Pendulum Draft
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 2000. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. Add 1 face-up Pendulum Monster from your Extra Deck to your hand.
 Until the end of the next turn, you cannot Summon the card added to your hand by this Skill or cards with the same name except by Pendulum Summoning, and you cannot activate their effects.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Sylvio's Showstopping Performance
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1500. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. Instead of conducting a Normal Draw, draw an "Abyss Actor" or "Yosenju" monster of your choice.
 In addition, add a Pendulum Zone to your field if you being the Duel with a Deck that has 9 or more "Abyss Actor" Pendulum Monsters or "Yosenju" monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Waiting for Abyss Actors
 
 Add up to 2 "Abyss Actor" monsters in your hand to your Extra Deck face-up. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 In addition, add a Pendulum Zone to your field if you began the Duel with a Deck that has 9 or more DARK Pendulum Monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Swing Into Action: Pendulum Summon!
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add a Pendulum Zone to your field. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 12 or more Pendulum Monsters. (Extra Deck does not count.)
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Superstar ", a cut-in frame of Sylvio briefly appears and he announces "Allow me to introduce Abyss Actor - Superstar!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Abyss Actor - Superstar" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Abyss Actor - Superstar" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "My Superstar activates its effect! I select an Abyss Script in my Deck and set it on my field!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Abyss Actor - Superstar's Pendulum effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Superstar, show 'em how you earned your name!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian " he announces "Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Funky Comedian's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian's Pendulum effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Funky Comedian's no joke! Attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Evil Heel " he announces, "Abyss Actor - Evil Heel!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Evil Heel's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Abyss Actor - Evil Heel's Pendulum Effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Evil Heel!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Leading Lady " he announces, "Abyss Actor - Leading Lady!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Leading Lady's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Abyss Actor - Leading Lady's Pendulum Effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Leading Lady! End the scene!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Mellow Madonna " he announces, "Abyss Actor - Mellow Madonna!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "My Mellow Madonna's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Abyss Actor - Mellow Madonna's Pendulum Effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mellow Madonna attacks!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie " he announces "Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Sassy Rookie's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sassy Rookie attacks!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Twinkle Little Star " he announces, "Abyss Actor - Twinkle Little Star!"
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Abyss Actor - Twinkle Little Star's Pendulum Effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Twinkle Little Star, spark 'em up!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Wild Hope " he announces, "Abyss Actor - Wild Hope!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Wild Hope's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Abyss Actor - Wild Hope's Pendulum Effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wild Hope attacks!" 
 When Sylvio Summons " Mayosenju Daibak ", he chants  "Behold a beast born from the howls of the winds!" . Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Sylvio briefly appears and he announces "I give you Mayosenju Daibak!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Mayosenju Daibak's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Mayosenju Daibak's Pendulum effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Mayosenju Daibak! Attack!" 
 When Sylvio Summons " Mayosenju Hitot ", a cut-in frame of Sylvio's face briefly appears, and he announces "Composed of chaos and cruelty! Mayosenju Hitot!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Mayosenju Hitot's effect!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Mayosenju Hitot's Pendulum effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mayosenju Hitot! Blow 'em away!" 
 When Sylvio Summons " Yosenju Oyam " he announces "Yosenju Oyam!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Now's not the time to go easy on you! I use Yosenju Oyam's effect to Special Summon it!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Oyam activates its effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Yosenju Oyam! Attack!" 
 When Sylvio Summons " Yosenju Misak " he announces, "Yosenju Misak!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Misak's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Yosenju Misak!" 
 When Sylvio Summons " Yosenju Magat " he announces "Yosenju Magat!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Magat's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Yosenju Magat! Swirl up a storm!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Shinchu L " he announces "Yosenju Shinchu L!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Shinchu L's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Yosenju Shinchu L attacks!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Shinchu R " he announces "Yosenju Shinchu R!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Shinchu R's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Yosenju Shinchu R's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Yosenju Shinchu R attacks!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Kama 1 " he announces "Yosenju Kama 1!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I can summon a lot of monsters without Pendulum Summoning! I activate Yosenju Kama 1's effect!" or "When Yosenju Kama 1 is summoned, its effect activates!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Kama 1's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Yosenju Kama 1! Attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Kama 2 " he announces "Yosenju Kama 2!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "When Yosenju Kama 2 is summoned, its effect activates!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Kama 2's effect activates! Come on back!" 
 "Yosenju Kama 2! Attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Kama 3 " he announces "Yosenju Kama 3!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "When Yosenju Kama 3 is summoned, its effect activates!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Kama 3's effect activates!" 
 "Yosenju Kama 3, attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Tsujik " he announces "Yosenju Tsujik!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Yosenju Tsujik's effect from my hand!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Tsujik's effect activates!" 
 "Go get 'em, Yosenju Tsujik!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Izna " he announces "Yosenju Izna!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I discard Yosenju Izna to activate its effect!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Izna's effect activates!" 
 "Attack, Yosenju Izna!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Kodam " he announces "Yosenju Kodam!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Yosenju Kodam's effect!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I banish Yosenju Kodam from my Graveyard to activate its effect!" 
 "My Yosenju Kodam attacks!" 
 When Sylvio Summons " Escher the Frost Vassal " he announces "Emerge! Escher the Frost Vassal!"
 "Escher the Frost Vassal attacks!" 
 When Sylvio Summons " Mobius the Frost Monarch " he announces "Mobius the Frost Monarch!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Mobius the Frost Monarch, activate your effect! Freezing Burst!" 
 Most of the time when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Mobius the Frost Monarch! Ice Lance!" 
 When Sylvio Summons " Mobius the Mega Monarch " he announces "Rise! Mobius the Mega Monarch!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Mobius the Mega Monarch activates its effect! Ice everything! Blizzard Destruction!" 
 Most of the time when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mobius the Mega Monarch! Attack! Sleet Spike Smash!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch " he announces "Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch activates its effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch! Attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Eidos the Underworld Squire " he announces "Eidos the Underworld Squire!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Eidos the Underworld Squire's effect!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I banish Eidos from my Graveyard to activate its effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Eidos the Underworld Squire! Attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Erebus the Underworld Monarch " he announces "Erebus the Underworld Monarch!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Erebus the Underworld Monarch's effect!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Erebus' effect from my Graveyard!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Erebus the Underworld Monarch! Attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Timegazer Magician " he announces "Only a rare specimen like me deserves to use this rare card! Timegazer Magician!"
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Finish 'em, Timegazer Magician!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Stargazer Magician " he announces "This is one of those special Pendulum cards! Stargazer Magician!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Stargazer Magician's effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stargazer Magician! End 'em!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Block Spider " he announces "Did I really put this garbage in my deck!? Block Spider!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Might as well play Block Spider's effect! Better than nothing!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Block Spider!!" 
 When Sylvio summons " The Six Samurai - Yariza " he announces "This card is useless! But I have no choice but to play it! The Six Samurai - Yariza!"
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Six Samurai - Yariza! Make yourself useful!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Morinphen " he announces "What!? Morinphen!? I don't recall putting this lame card in my Deck."
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Morinphen!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Hungry Burger " he announces "Hungry Burger!? I'd rather get food poisoning than play a card this weak!"
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hungry Burger! Chomp up that appetizer!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony " he says "I activate my Spell Card, Abyss Script - Opening Ceremony!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "Ha! By destroying Opening Ceremony, you set off its effect!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic " "I activate my Spell Card, Abyss Script - Fantasy Magic!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "You destroyed Abyss Script- Fantasy Magic! When this set card is destroyed, its effect activates!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Script - Abysstainment " he says "I play the Continuous Spell, Abyss Script - Abysstainment!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Sylvio says "Abyss Script - Abysstainment's effect activates!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Sylvio says "Abysstainment's effect activates when it's destroyed!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Script - Fire Dragon's Lair " he says "I activate my Spell Card, Abyss Script - Fire Dragon's Lair!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "You destroyed Fire Dragon's Lair, so its effect activates!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Script - Rise of the Abyss King " he says "I activate my Spell, Abyss Script - Rise of the Abyss King!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "You destroyed Rise of the Aybss King! Its effect activates!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Script - Romantic Terror " he says "I play the Quick-Play Spell, Abyss Script - Romantic Terror!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "Thanks! By destroying Romantic Terror, its effect activates!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Prop - Wild Wagon " he says "I activate my Continuous Spell, Abyss Prop - Wild Wagon!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Sylvio says "Retreating is always an option! Abyss Prop - Wild Wagon's effect activates!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Sylvio says "When Wild Wagon is destroyed, its effect activates!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Breakthrough Skill ", he says "I activate my Trap, Breakthrough Skill!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "I activate Breakthrough Skill's effect from my Graveyard!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Yosen Training Grounds " he says "I activate my Continuous Spell, Yosen Training Grounds!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "Yosen Training Grounds' effect activates!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Yosenju Oroshi Channeling " he says, "I activate my Spell Card, Yosenju Oroshi Channeling!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Yosenju Wind Worship " he says "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Yosenju Wind Worship!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Yosen Whirlwind " he says "This Duel is blowing my way! I activate the Continuous Spell, Yosen Whirlwind!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "I activate Yosen Whirlwind's effect! It sends your card flying!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Fairy Meteor Crush " he says "I activate the Equip Spell, Fairy Meteor Crush!" 
 When Sylvio activates " The Humble Sentry " he says "This card's worthless, but oh well! The Humble Sentry!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Frost Blast of the Monarchs " he says "I activate my Spell Card, Frost Blast of the Monarchs!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "I activate Frost Blast of the Monarchs from my Graveyard!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Dark Mirror Force " he says "I bet you don't own a card this rare! Dark Mirror Force!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Localized Tornado " he says "I wish I had a better card! I activate Localized Tornado!" 
 When Sylvio activates " The Monarchs Awaken " he says "I activate my Trap, The Monarchs Awaken!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village " he says, "Allow me to present my legendary combo! I play the Continuous Trap, Dizzying Winds of Yosen Village!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Yosenjus' Secret Move " he says "I activate my Counter Trap, Yosenjus' Secret Move!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Yosenjus' Sword Sting " he says "I activate my Trap, Yosenjus' Sword Sting!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Comic Relief ", he says "Abyss Actor - Comic Relief!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Comic Relief's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate Abyss Actor - Comic Relief's Pendulum Effect!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Comic Relief!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser ", he says "Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Curtain Raiser's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Abyss Actor - Curtain Raiser's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Curtain Raiser!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Extras ", he says "Abyss Actor - Extras!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "I activate my Extras's effect!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Abyss Actor - Extras's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Extras, attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Abyss Actor - Trendy Understudy ", he says "Abyss Actor - Trendy Understudy!"
 When activating the effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Trendy Understudy's effect activates!" 
 When activating the Pendulum Effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Abyss Actor - Trendy Understudy's Pendulum Effect activates!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Trendy Understudy, attack!" 
 When Sylvio summons " Yosenju Sabu ", he says "Yosenju Sabu!"
 When activating the first effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Return to my hand, Yosenju Sabu!" 
 When activating the second effect of that monster, Sylvio says "You're about to learn how terrifying a Pendulum Summon can be! I activate Yosenju Sabu's effect!" 
 When activating the third effect of that monster, Sylvio says "Yosenju Sabu activates its effect! Prepare for Sylvio's Legendary Combo!" 
 Most of the time, when Sylvio declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Yosenju Sabu!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Playhouse - Fantastic Theater ", he says "I play the Field Spell, Abyss Playhouse - Fantastic Theater!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Sylvio says "Fantastic Theater's effect activates!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Actors Back Stage ", he says "I activate my Trap, Abyss Actors Back Stage!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Abyss Actors' Curtain Call ", he says "I activate my Trap! Abyss Actors' Curtain Call!" 
 When Sylvio activates " Dark Advance ", he says "I activate my Trap, Dark Advance!" 
 When Sylvio activates " The Monarchs Erupt ", he says "I activate my Continuous Trap! The Monarch's Erupt!" 
 Trivia 
 The inclusion of "Angmarl the Fiendish Monarch", "Eidos the Underworld Squire", "Erebus the Underworld Monarch", and "Frost Blast of the Monarchs" as card-specific dialogue comes from Sylvio's usage of those cards in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga.
 
 v e 
Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/SylvioSawatari-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20211006123529', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/Profile-DULI-SylvioSawatari.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513225105', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Icon-DULI-SylvioSawatari.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513225147', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f5/Icon-DULI-SylvioSawatari2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513225233', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/CutIn-DULI-SylvioSawatari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220513225250', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e8/Summoning-DULI-SylvioSawatari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20211012164749', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/Defeat-DULI-SylvioSawatari.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20211012164806', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Sylvio Sawatari pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters