Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Advanced_Crystal_Beast_Sapphire_Pegasus


 Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime 
 
 In  episode 147 ,  Jesse Anderson  uses this card during his Duel against  Zane Truesdale  while the former was possessed by  Yubel . After he Normal Summons this card, Jesse activates this card's effect to take " Ruby Carbuncle " from his Deck and place it into his Spell and Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Card. Jesse then activates the first effect of "Ruby Carbuncle" to Special Summon itself from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. Jesse then activates the second effect of "Ruby Carbuncle" to Special Summon " Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat " from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. Jesse then activates " M Force " to increase this card's ATK by 500 until the End Phase. This card then attacks " Cyber Dragon ", but Zane activates  Attack Reflector Unit  to Tribute "Cyber Dragon" and Special Summon " Cyber Barrier Dragon ". Zane then activates the latter's effect to negate the attack. On Jesse's End Phase, the effect of "M Force" expires. Later " Cyber Twin Dragon " attacks and destroys this card, but Jesse activates the second effect of " Advanced Dark " to nullify the Battle Damage he would take. Jesse then activates this card's last effect to place this card in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. In  the next episode , " Rainbow Dark Dragon " attacks " Cyber Laser Dragon ", but Zane activates " Cybernetic Hidden Technology " to Tribute "Cyber Laser Dragon", destroy "Rainbow Dark Dragon", and end the Battle Phase, but Jesse activates the last effect of "Rainbow Dark Dragon" to send this card to the Graveyard and prevent "Rainbow Dark Dragon's" destruction. On the last turn of the Duel, " Cyber End Dragon " (whose ATK was 8000 due to the effect of " Power Bond ") attacks "Rainbow Dragon", but Jesse activates " Crystal Counter " to take this card, "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat", " Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise ", "Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle" and " Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger " from his Graveyard and place them in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Cards. Jesse then sends all Advanced Crystal Beasts in his Spell & Trap Card Zone to the Graveyard in order to increase the ATK of "Rainbow Dark Dragon" by 1000 for each monster sent to the Graveyard this way. With five sent this way, "Rainbow Dark Dragon" gains 5000 ATK. Zane then activates " Cybernetic Zone " to banish his "Cyber End Dragon" from the field until the End Phase. 
 In  episode 151 , Jesse uses this card during his duel against  Jaden Yuki  while the former was possessed by Yubel. After he Normal Summons this card, Jesse activates this card's effect to take "Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle" from his Deck and place it into his Spell and Trap Card Zone as Continuous Spell Card. Jesse then activates the first effect of "Ruby Carbuncle" to Special Summon itself from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. Jesse then activates the second effect of "Ruby Carbuncle" to Special Summon " Advanced Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle " from the Spell & Trap Card Zone. Jesse then activates " Crystal Release " to equip the latter to this card and increase its ATK by 800. This card then attacks and destroys " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman ". Later " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole " attacks this card. Jaden then activates the effect of "Grand Mole" to return both battling monsters to their owners' hands without applying damage calculation. Jesse then activates the second effect of "Crystal Release" to take " Advanced Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth " from his Deck and place it in his Spell & Trap card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. On Jesse's next turn, he Normal Summons this card in Attack Position. Jesse then activates this card's effect to take "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat" from his Deck and place it in his Spell and Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. In  the next episode , this card and "Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger" attack directly, but Jaden activates " Neospace Road " to draw one card and end the Battle Phase. On Jesse's next turn, this card attacks and destroys " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ". After Jaden activates the effect of " Elemental HERO Storm Neos " to destroy all Spell & Trap Cards on the field, this card, "Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger", "Amber Mammoth", and "Amethyst Cat" are destroyed as "Advanced Dark" was no longer on the field.
 In the second above-mentioned episode, this card appears within Jaden's thoughts when he notes that he could use "Grand Mole" to attack "Rainbow Dark Dragon" and return to its hand, but he then realizes that will leave him wide open for a direct attack by Jesse's two remaining monsters, and he will lose if those attacks succeed. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances