Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Antinomy_(Duel_Links)


 
 Antinomy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Antinomy 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Justin Badger 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiroki Tanaka 
 
 
 
 Antinomy  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Antinomy , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. He appeared as a Roaming Duelist on July 21st, 2020. He appears in the event Clear Mind: Antinomy the Mysterious Turbo Duelist, where was made obtainable on March 1st, 2021. On September 22, 2021 was made permanently unlockable after the player reaches Stage 6 of Duel World (5D's), at which point his Character Unlock Missions become available.
 He also appears as his alter ego,  Bruno  as a non-duelable special NPC. He appears in the Clear Mind: Antinomy the Mysterious Turbo Duelist event. Whether or not he will be a Legendary Duelist in this form, is currently unknown.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 
 
 4   Level-up Rewards 
 5   Duel Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 
 7.1.1   Yusei Fudo 
 7.1.2   Primo 
 7.1.3   Aporia 
 
 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 7.2.1   Monsters 
 7.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 8.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 "Yusei's mysterious mentor is actually Bruno, Team 5D's chief mechanic. As Antinomy regains his memories, he remembers he comes from a post-apocalyptic future, and he has travelled back in time to change it. He challenges Yusei to a Duel to open Yusei's mind to new Dueling skills he has never known before."
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Bruno 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Antinomy Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Flying Fish  x2 
 Kurama  x2 
 Lesser Dragon  x2 
 Mech Bass 
 Sectarian of Secrets  x2 
 Stone Armadiller  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Blaster 
 Tuner monsters 
 T.G. Tank Grub  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 T.G. Power Gladiator Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 TGX300  x2 
 Traps 
 Armor Break 
 Divergence 
 Level 10 
 
 Tech Genus Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Blaster  x3 
 Scrap Searcher  x3 
 Scrap Worm  x2 
 T.G. Catapult Dragon  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 T.G. Tank Grub  x2 
 T.G. Striker Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 T.G. Recipro Dragonfly  x2 Spells   &  Traps  (5) 
 Traps 
 TG-SX1  x2 
 TGX3-DX2  x2 
 Urgent Tuning 
 Level 20 
 
 Flight Control Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Buster Blaster  x2 
 Scrap Recycler  x2 
 Scrap Searcher  x2 
 T.G. Catapult Dragon  x3 
 T.G. Warwolf 
 Tuner monsters 
 T.G. Jet Falcon  x2 
 T.G. Tank Grub  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 T.G. Power Gladiator 
 T.G. Recipro Dragonfly  x2 Spells   &  Traps  (5) 
 Traps 
 TG-SX1  x2 
 TGX3-DX2  x2 
 Urgent Tuning 
 Level 30 
 
 Accel Synchro! Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 T.G. Booster Raptor 
 T.G. Catapult Dragon  x2 
 T.G. Rush Rhino 
 T.G. Warwolf  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 T.G. Cyber Magician  x2 
 T.G. Gear Zombie 
 T.G. Jet Falcon  x3 
 T.G. Screw Serpent 
 T.G. Striker 
 T.G. Tank Grub  x2 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 T.G. Blade Blaster 
 T.G. Hyper Librarian 
 T.G. Power Gladiator 
 T.G. Recipro Dragonfly 
 T.G. Wonder Magician Spells  (1) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 TGX300 
 Traps 
 Double Type Rescue 
 TG-SX1  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Into the Light Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 T.G. Booster Raptor  x3 
 T.G. Rush Rhino  x2 
 T.G. Warwolf  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 T.G. Cyber Magician  x2 
 T.G. Gear Zombie 
 T.G. Screw Serpent  x3 
 T.G. Striker  x2 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 T.G. Blade Blaster 
 T.G. Hyper Librarian 
 T.G. Power Gladiator 
 T.G. Star Guardian 
 T.G. Wonder Magician Spells  (1) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 TGX300 
 Traps 
 Double Type Rescue 
 TG-SX1  x2 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Catapult Dragon "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Antinomy)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Jet Falcon "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Antinomy)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Rush Rhino "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Double Type Rescue "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Level Tuning ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Striker "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Catapult Dragon "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Jet Falcon "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Machinery Boost ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Rush Rhino "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Double Type Rescue "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Striker "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Antinomy)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Catapult Dragon "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Jet Falcon "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Rush Rhino "
 
 
 36
 
 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Double Type Rescue "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " T.G. Striker "
 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Antinomy, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " T.G. Blade Blaster "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " T.G. Power Gladiator "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " T.G. Gear Zombie "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " T.G. Booster Raptor "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " T.G. Tank Grub "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Uni-Song Tuning "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Searchlightman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Buster Blaster "
 
 
 R 
 
 " TGX300 "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Mech Bass "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Science Soldier "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Set! Delta Accel!
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 " T.G. Halberd Cannon ", " T.G. Blade Blaster ", " T.G. Power Gladiator ", " T.G. Wonder Magician " and " T.G. Recipro Dragonfly " to your Extra Deck.
 Once per turn, if you have Synchro Summoned 2 or more " T.G. " Synchro Monsters: Play 1 "T.G. Recipro Dragonfly" from your Extra Deck.
 
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Level Tuning
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Select 2 monsters on your side of the field and declare a monster Level between 1 and 4. The selected monster's Levels will be equal to the number you declared. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Machinery Boost
 
 All "T.G." monsters you control will become Machine-Type until the end of the turn. In addition, all "T.G." monsters on your side of the field gain 300 ATK for each Synchro Monster on your side of the field until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Flight Control
 
 Return 1 "T.G." monster in your hand to your Deck and add 1 "T.G." monster to your hand from your Deck. During the turn you use this Skill, you cannot Special Summon and Level 10 or higher monsters except "T.G." monsters. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with no monsters other than "T.G." monsters in your Main Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Halved Synchro
 
 Play 1 "T.G." Synchro Monster from your Extra Deck that has a Level lower than half of the Level of 1 "T.G." Tuner Synchro Monster you control. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with no monsters other than "T.G." monsters in your Main Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 T.G. Booster
 
 The ATK and DEF of all "T.G." monsters you control are increased by 50 multiplied by the monster's Level.
 
 Drop
 
 
 T.G. Tuner
 
 1 "T.G." Synchro Monster on your field will become a Tuner Monster until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Tuner Level Balancer
 
 Increase or decrease the Level of 1 "T.G." Tuner Monster you control by 2, until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per turn. If you use this Skill to increase/decrease the Level of a monster other than a Synchro Monster, you cannot use this Skill again for the rest of the Duel. You cannot Special Summon any monsters from your Extra Deck other than Synchro Monsters during the turn you activate this Skill.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Compensation
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. Send the card on the top of your Deck to the Graveyard, and recover 300 LP. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Tunermorph: Normal
 
 Reveal 1 Tuner monster in your hand and select a Normal Monster on your side of the field. The selected monster is treated as a Tuner monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Life Charge
 
 Increase your Life Points by the current turn count x200.
 This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Antinomy announces "Yusei, you'll never beat me until you exceed your limits!"
 When he wins the Duel, Antinomy says "This is the power beyond Synchro!" or "What's wrong, Yusei? Your fear is holding you back!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Antinomy says "Yusei, you proved why I believed in you." or "Yusei, you're my hope for a better future." followed by "A future that shines brighter than my Accel Synchro." 
 Primo 
 When starting a Duel with  Primo , Antinomy announces "My missions is to protect Yusei from every threat."
 When he wins the Duel, Antinomy says "The future is heading in a new direction." followed by "A direction that my friends and I are creating!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Antinomy says "Ugh... forgive me, Yusei." 
 Aporia 
 When starting a Duel with  Aporia , Antinomy says "I will save my allies - and save you as well!" or "My mission is to protect Yusei from every threat."
 When he wins the Duel, he says "The future is heading in a new direction." followed by "A direction that my friends and I are creating!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "Aporia... I feel such sadness from you..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Halberd Cannon ", he chants  "Top Clear Mind! Remove max limiter! Open regulators! All systems are go! Infinite power will create a new future!"  followed by  "Go! Delta Accel!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Antinomy briefly appears, and he announces "C'mon, T.G. Halberd Cannon!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "T.G. Halberd Cannon" during that Duel, a cut-scene of "T.G. Halberd Cannon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Halberd Cannon!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Halberd Cannon, stop that monster from being Summoned!" follower by "Closed Summon!" 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Halberd Cannon may be gone, but another T.G. replaces it!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Blade Blaster ", he chants  "Clear Mind! Remove level 10 limiter! Main booster controls are a go!"  followed by  "Step out of the shadows and into the light! Accel Synchro!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Antinomy briefly appears, and he announces "Go, T.G. Blade Blaster!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Blade Blaster!" followed by "Blasting Blade!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "By discarding a card, Blade Blaster negates a Spell or Trap!" 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Blade Blaster's effect activates!" followed by "I banish a T.G. from my GY to banish this card!" 
 When Antinomy activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Blade Blaster returns to my field during the Standby Phase!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Halberd Cannon/Assault Mode ", a cut-in frame of Antinomy's face briefly appears, and he announces "C'mon, T.G. Halberd Cannon/Assault Mode!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Halberd Cannon/Assault Mode!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "T.G. Halberd Cannon/Assault Mode's effect activates!" followed by "That monster's banished as are your Special Summoned ones!" 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When this card is destroyed, I can revive Halberd Cannon!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Hyper Librarian ", he chants  "Remove Level 5 limiter! Open regulators! Up-link is a go!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Antinomy's face briefly appears, and he announces "Power up, T.G. Hyper Librarian!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Librarian!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By Synchro Summoning, Hyper Librarian lets me draw a card!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Power Gladiator ", he chants  "Flight control! Remove level 5 limiter! Boosters at 120%!"  followed by  "Recovery network fixed! All systems are go! Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Antinomy's face briefly appears, and he announces "C'mon, T.G. Power Gladiator!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "T.G. Power Gladiator! Show the might of your axe!" followed by "Machine Slash!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Power Gladiator is destroyed, I get to draw a card." 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Recipro Dragonfly " he chants  "Remove level 2 limiter! Open regulators! Navigation is a go!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!" . Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Antinomy's face briefly appears, and he announces "Let's go, T.G. Recipro Dragonfly!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Recipro Dragonfly!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Recipro Dragonfly's effect activates! I swap a T.G. Synchro Monster with those used to create it!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Star Guardian ", he chants  "Remove level 5 limiter! Open regulators!"  followed by  "All systems are go! Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Antinomy's face briefly appears, and he announces "Emerge, T.G. Star Guardian!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Star Guardian!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I'll show you what lies beyond the edges of reality!" 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Star Guardian lets me retrieve a T.G. from my GY!" 
 When Antinomy activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Star Guardian Special Summons a T.G. from my hand!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Wonder Magician ", he chants " Remove level 5 limiter! Launch boosters! Systems are go! " followed by  "Synchro Summon!" . Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Antinomy's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's T.G. Wonder Magician!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Wonder Magician!" followed by "Machine Sorcery!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Wonder Magician can destroy a Spell or a Trap!" 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Wonder Magician is destroyed, I draw a card!" 
 When Antinomy activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Watch as I unlock the true power of Synchro Summoning!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " Buster Blaster ", he announces "Buster Blaster!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Buster Blaster, blast away!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Buster Blaster's effect activates!" 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "When Buster Blaster is equipped, it's effect activates!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Booster Raptor ", he announces "T.G. Booster Raptor!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Booster Raptor!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Due to Booster Raptor's effect, I add a T.G. to my hand!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Catapult Dragon ", he announces "T.G. Catapult Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Catapult Dragon!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Catapult Dragon Special Summons a T.G. Tuner!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Cyber Magician ", he announces "T.G. Cyber Magician!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Cyber Magician!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces ""Due to Cyber Magician, I add a T.G. in my Deck to my hand!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Drill Fish ", he announces "T.G. Drill Fish!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Drill Fish!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When all my monsters are T.G's, I can Special Summon this!" 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Drill Fish's effect activates!" followed by "I destroy your monster!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Gear Zombie ", he announces "T.G. Gear Zombie!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Gear Zombie!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By lowering my T.G.'s ATK, I can Special Summon this card!" (spoken as "ATK points") 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Jet Falcon  "T.G. Jet Falcon!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Jet Falcon!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By Synchro Summoning, Jet Falcon's effect activates!" followed by "You take 500 points of damage!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Rush Rhino ", he announces "T.G. Rush Rhino!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Rush Rhino!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Rush Rhino adds another monster from my deck to my hand!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Screw Serpent ", he announces "T.G. Screw Serpent!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Screw Serpent!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "T.G. Screw Serpent's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon a Level 4 or lower T.G. from my GY! 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Screw Serpent's effect activates from the GY!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Striker ", he announces "T.G. Striker!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Striker!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "T.G. Striker lets me add a T.G. from my deck to my hand!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Tank Grub ", he announces "T.G. Tank Grub!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Tank Grub!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "T.G. Tank Grub's effect activates!" 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Warwolf ", he announces "T.G. Warwolf!"
 Most of the when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Warwolf!" 
 When Antinomy activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Since this monster was Level 4 or lower, I can summon this!" 
 When Antinomy activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "T.G. Warwolf adds another monster in my deck to my hand!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Antinomy activates " Synchro Material ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Synchro Material!" followed by "I can use your monster to Synchro Summon this turn!" 
 When Antinomy activates " TG-SX1 ", he announces "I activate my Trap, TG-SX1!" followed by "I Special Summon a T.G. Synchro Monster from my GY!" 
 When Antinomy activates "" TG1-EM1 ", he announces "I activate my Trap, TG1-EM1!" followed by "I swap control of my T.G. with your monster!" 
 When Antinomy activates " TGX1-HL ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! TGx1-HL!" followed by "I halve a T.G.'s ATK and DEF destroy a Spell or Trap!" 
 When Antinomy activates " TGX300 ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, TGX300!" 
 When Antinomy activates " Tuner Capture ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Tuner Capture!" followed by "I Special Summon a Tuner monster from your GY onto my field!" 
 When Antinomy activates " Urgent Tuning ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Urgent Tuning!" followed by "It lets me Synchro Summon a Synchro Monster!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Antinomy Summons " T.G. Metal Skeleton ", he announces "T.G. Metal Skeleton!"
 Most of the time when Antinomy declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, T.G. Metal Skeleton!" 
 When Antinomy activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When a monster is destroyed, I can Special Summon this card!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Antinomy activates " Compulsory Evacuation Device ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Compulsory Evacuation Device!" followed by "I return a monster on the field to the hand!" 
 When Antinomy activates " Gravity Collapse ", he announces "I activate my Counter Trap, Gravity Collapse!" followed by "It stops you from Summoning a monster, and destroys it! 
 When Antinomy activates " Sonic Stun ", he announces "You think that will work against me?" followed by "I activate my Trap, Sonic Stun!" 
 When Antinomy activates " TGX3-DX2 ", he announces "I activate my Trap, TGX3-DX2!" followed by "I return 3 T.G. in my GY to my deck to draw 2 cards!" 
 Trivia 
 When you select Antinomy on the character selection screen, voice lines of Bruno (a higher-pitced voice) are also shown. It is unknown if this is a part of the Duel Links lore whereas Bruno is alive in Duel World, and switches from Bruno to Antinomy.
 (1) "I'm up?" 
 (2)"I knew everyone loved me!" 
 In the leaked dialogue footage, Antinomy is shown to have voice lines for starting Duels with  Z-one .
 Z-one: "Z-one, is it really impossible to save you?" 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Axel Brodie ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo ,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , Antinomy,  Kalin Kessler ,  Yuma and Astral ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Bronk Stone ,  Tori Meadows , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Jaden Yuki , Jesse Anderson,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Yubel ,  Syrus Truesdale , Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo, Luna,  Carly Carmine , Antinomy, and Yuma and Astral are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Zane Truesdale , and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and  Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi ,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM)  and  Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Axel Brodie, and  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba, Aigami,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are Legendary Duelists who have enhanced counterparts that appear during their unlock events:
 Bonz  - Spooky Bonz 
 Zane Truesdale - Dark Zane 
 Tyranno Hassleberry  - Ultimate Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar - Prophetic Sartorius 
 Prana - Transcendent Unknown Duelist 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Super Joey 
 Reginald Kastle - Raging Shark 
 Kite Tenjo - Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 Antinomy - Determined Antinomy 
 v e 
 Bruno  (Johny / Antinomy) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Video games 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Bruno) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Antinomy) 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ef/Antinomy-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/301?cb=20200726010448', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/Profile-DULI-Antinomy.png/revision/latest?cb=20200721113804', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/Icon-DULI-Antinomy.png/revision/latest?cb=20220515193617', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Icon-DULI-Antinomy2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220515193630', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Chibi-DULI-Antinomy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220515193520', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/CutIn-DULI-Antinomy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200721113558', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Summoning-DULI-Antinomy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210917232846', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Defeat-DULI-Antinomy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/142?cb=20210917232338', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Bruno-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/110?cb=20210312035959', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Bruno pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters