Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_the_Player_Killer_of_Darkness%27_Duel_(manga)


 
 Dark Yugi and the Player Killer of Darkness' Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and the Player Killer of Darkness' Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Standard 
 
 
 Projectors 
 Battle Box 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Player Killer of Darkness 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi  and the  Player Killer of Darkness  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Prior 
 The  Player Killer of Darkness  had previously ambushed  Mai Kujaku  and forced her into  a Duel , in which he won her eight  Star Chips .  Yugi Mutou  and  Anzu Mazaki  ran to the scene of the Duel after hearing Mai scream and then found out what happened. The Player Killer recognized Yugi, as  Maximillion J. Pegasus  had stated defeating Yugi was a top priority. He ordered Yugi into the  Battle Box  to Duel him next.  Dark Yugi  switched to Yugi and promised Mai that he would win back her Star Chips.
 The Player Killer of Darkness explained the role of  Player Killers  to Dark Yugi. Since Dark Yugi hoped to win all eight of Mai's Star Chips, but only had six of his own to wager, he also put his life on the line. The Player Killer was skeptical that Dark Yugi would hold to that end of the deal, so he shot a wire out of his  Duel Disk , which wrapped around Dark Yugi's neck. The wire was his tool for ensuring Duelists did not escape. If he won this Duel, he also planned on strangling Dark Yugi to death. Dark Yugi was okay with this and also added the condition that the Player Killer would receive a  Penalty Game  if he lost.
 
 The Duel 
       " Castle of Dark Illusions " hides the  Player Killer of Darkness ' side of the  field .     
 1st turn: Player Killer of Darkness 
 The Player Killer of Darkness  Summoned  " Castle of Dark Illusions " in  Defense Mode  ( DEF : 2500). It hovered over the field and engulfed the Player Killer's side of the field in darkness, preventing Dark Yugi from seeing both the Player Killer and his cards.
 2nd turn: Dark Yugi 
 Since the Duel was set at night, Dark Yugi's monsters did not get their  Field Power Bonuses .
 Not knowing what the Player Killer was planning, Dark Yugi decided to be cautious and Summoned " Celtic Guardian " in Defense Mode.
 3rd turn: Player Killer of Darkness 
 The Player Killer Summoned " Barox " in  Attack Mode . Dark Yugi could see neither the card, nor its stats.
 " Barox "  attacked  and  destroyed  "Celtic Guardian".
 4th turn: Dark Yugi 
 Dark Yugi thought about how to get rid of the darkness. The obvious answer was to get rid of "Castle of Dark Illusions", but he did not have any immediate ways of doing that. 
 He Summoned " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress " in Defense Mode..
 5th turn: Player Killer of Darkness 
 Rather than attacking, the Player Killer Summoned another monster, " Dark Chimera " (ATK: 2100), which also became hidden in the darkness.
 6th turn: Dark Yugi 
 
       " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress " lights up the field.     
 Dark Yugi switched "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress" to Attack Position and got it to attack the darkness on the Player Killer's side of the field. This briefly lit the area up and gave Dark Yugi a glimpse of his two monsters. He was unable to attack the monsters at the same time, as "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress" could not see them when it was aiming.
 7th turn: Player Killer of Darkness 
 "Barox" attacked and destroyed "Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress" (Dark Yugi: 2000 → 1600  Life Points )
 8th turn: Dark Yugi 
 The Player Killer claimed that Dark Yugi was as good as dead, since he is invincible in the darkness. Dark Yugi laughed that the Player Killer was happy in the darkness at the time, but doubted he would like to be in it forever. He showed the Player Killer the " Swords of Revealing Light " card, he had just drawn and predicted the Player Killer's life would end in five turns.
 
 
 Aftermath 
 Cards used 
 The following cards were used in the manga.
 
 
 Dark Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress 
 
 Player Killer of Darkness Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Barox 
 Castle of Dark Illusions 
 Dark Chimera 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 22: " The Invisible Cards " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 23: " Defeat the Darkness! " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 24: " Swords of Light " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom  (manga) Participants 
 Contestants 
 Insector Haga 
 Keith Howard 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Satake 
 Takaido 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Player Killers 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Haga 
 Jonouchi VS Mai 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi VS Ryuzaki 
 Mai VS Player Killer 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer 
 Jonouchi VS Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi & Joey VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai 
 Jonouchi VS Keith 
 Dark Yugi & Yugi VS Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Jonouchi VS Kaiba 
 Kaiba VS Pegasus 
 
 Items 
 
 Duel Glove 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/D-022_Dark_Yugi_VS_Player_Killer_of_Darkness.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110907012027', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/D-022_Darkness_spreading.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20120926172211', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/87/D-022_Fireball_Barrage.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120926172213']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duelist Kingdom Duels (manga), Shadow Games