Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Alternate_artwork


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 Alternate artwork  is used to describe the artwork of any card that is different from that of its  Original Print . Alternate artworks are typically available in the form of promotional cards, and are usually of cards popularized by characters in the anime. 
 For example, " Dark Magician Girl " has four alternate artworks in the  OCG  (three of which are present in the  TCG  and one  original artwork ).
 Note that "alternate artwork" is different from artwork changes from the OCG to the TCG. For example, " Axe of Despair ", " Barrel Dragon ", " Blowback Dragon ", " Exodia the Forbidden One ", " Harpie Girl ", " Mystic Tomato ", " Soul Release ", etc. are not considered to have alternate artworks. For those instances of censorship, see  list of modified card artworks .
 All alternate artwork cards have the same password as their originals, except " Polymerization " (the other version being  Polymerization (Fusion) ) and one version of " Dark Magician " (the  Arkana version ).
 Currently " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Dark Magician " have the most alternate artworks, with seven and six (excluding their original artworks) respectively.
 
 A list of cards with alternate artworks 
 Acid Trap Hole 
 Aleister the Invoker 
 Amplifier 
 Apollousa, Bow of the Goddess 
 Arcana Knight Joker 
 Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring 
 Big Shield Gardna 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Borreload Dragon 
 Borrelsword Dragon 
 Buster Blader 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Chaos Dragon Levianeer 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon 
 Crush Card Virus 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Cyber Dragon Infinity 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Dark Magician  and  Dark Magician (Arkana) 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Dark Magician Girl the Dragon Knight 
 Dark Paladin 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 Decode Talker 
 Droll & Lock Bird 
 El Shaddoll Construct 
 El Shaddoll Winda 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Elemental HERO Stratos 
 Familiar-Possessed - Aussa 
 Familiar-Possessed - Eria 
 Familiar-Possessed - Hiita 
 Familiar-Possessed - Wynn 
 Fantastical Dragon Phantazmay 
 Firewall Dragon 
 Flame Swordsman 
 Gaia The Fierce Knight 
 Gemini Elf 
 Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries 
 Ghost Sister & Spooky Dogwood 
 Gilford the Lightning 
 Gouki The Great Ogre 
 Gyakutenno Megami 
 Harpie's Feather Duster 
 Jinzo 
 Kunai with Chain 
 Kuriboh 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Launcher Spider 
 Mad Lobster 
 Metalmorph 
 Millennium Shield 
 Number 34: Terror-Byte 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Obelisk The Tormentor 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Panther Warrior 
 Pendulum Machine 
 Polymerization  and  Fusion 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Salamangreat Heatleo 
 Sky Striker Ace - Kagari 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 Summoned Skull 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Thousand Dragon 
 Tiger Axe 
 Toon World 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Trickstar Holly Angel 
 Viser Des 
 Vorse Raider 
 Widespread Ruin 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Gaming Terms