Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Aster_Phoenix_(Duel_Links)


 
 Aster Phoenix 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Aster Phoenix 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 エド・フェニックス 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Aster Deck The Desired HERO The Chosen HERO The Destined HERO The HERO's Triumph 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Pete Zarustica 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Akira Ishida 
 
 
 
 Aster Phoenix  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Aster Phoenix , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 He appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for successfully Summoning 200  DARK  monsters.
 White  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Aster Phoenix at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Opponent 
 
 4.2.1   Level 10 
 4.2.2   Level 20 
 4.2.3   Level 30 
 4.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 4.3   Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 
 4.3.1   Neos Cup 
 4.3.2    Challenger 
 
 4.3.2.1   Level 20 
 4.3.2.2   Level 40 
 4.3.2.3   Level 50 
 
 
 
 
 4.4   Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event) 
 
 4.4.1   Partner 
 
 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Though Aster Phoenix is tearing up the professional Dueling circuit, he enrolled in  Duel Academy  with a secret purpose in mind. His father was a card designer who created Aster's  Destiny HERO ES. By avenging his father, Aster regained " Destiny HERO - Plasma ".
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Perform 2 Fusion Summon(s) in one Duel.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 3 win(s) without using any level 5 or higher Monster Cards.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Win 1 Duel(s) against Aster Phoenix at Level 30 in Duel World.
 
 30 R Jewels
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 30 DARK Jewels
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Aster Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Dragon Statue  x3 
 Fiend Sword  x3 
 Krokodilus  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin  x3 
 Tiger Axe  x3 
 Unknown Warrior of Fiend  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Plasma  (glossy) Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Guard Penalty 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 The Desired HERO Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x3 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin  x3 
 Unknown Warrior of Fiend  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Captain Tenacious  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Departed  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Malicious  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 The Chosen HERO Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Captain Tenacious  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Departed  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Doom Lord  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Double Dude  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Fear Monger  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 D - Formation  x2 
 D - Spirit  x3 
 Traps 
 D - Chain 
 Destiny Mirage 
 Level 30 
 
 The Destined HERO Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Dasher  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Doom Lord  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Dreadmaster 
 Destiny HERO - Dread Servant  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Dunker  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Fear Monger  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Clock Tower Prison  x3 
 Destiny Draw 
 Traps 
 D - Counter 
 Eternal Dread  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 The HERO's Triumph Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Dogma  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Drilldark  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Fear Monger 
 Destiny HERO - Plasma  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny End Dragoon  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Destiny Draw  x3 
 Over Destiny 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 D - Counter  x2 
 Destiny Signal 
 Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 Neos Cup 
 Skill: "Bring It! ()
 
 
 Destiny Gems Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Celestial  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Decider  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Drilldark 
 Destiny HERO - Plasma 
 Vision HERO Vyon  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Dangerous Spells  (7) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Dark City 
 Destiny Draw  x3 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Traps 
 D - Counter 
  Challenger 
 Level 20 
Skill: "Destiny Calling" (Can be used after Aster's Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Dark City .") 
 Destiny Union (incomplete) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Captain Tenacious  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Departed  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Doom Lord  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Fear Monger  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 D - Formation  x2 
 D - Spirit  x2 
 Traps 
 D - Chain  x2 
 Destiny Mirage 
 Level 40 
Skill:  
 Cyber Destiny (incomplete) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Dogma 
 Destiny HERO - Drilldark  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Plasma 
 D Cubed  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Destiny HERO - Dangerous Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Destiny Draw 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Level 50 
Skill: "Destiny Survivor" 
 Future Destiny (incomplete) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Blade Master 
 Destiny HERO - Celestial  x3 
 Destiny HERO - Decider  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Dreamer 
 Destiny HERO - Malicious  x2 
 Vision HERO Vyon Extra Deck  (4) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Dangerous 
 Vision HERO Trinity Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Destiny Draw  x3 
 Polymerization 
 Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth event) 
 Partner 
 Skill: "End of Destiny"
 
 
 Master of Fate Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny HERO - Dogma 
 Destiny HERO - Celestial  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Malicious  x2 
 Destiny HERO - Plasma 
 Vision HERO Faris  x3 
 Vision HERO Increase  x2 
 Vision HERO Vyon  x2 Extra Deck  (6) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Destiny HERO - Dangerous 
 Destiny HERO - Dominance  x2 
 Vision HERO Adoration 
 Vision HERO Trinity Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Fusion Destiny  x3 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 D - Counter  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Aster Phoenix reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Destiny HERO - Captain Tenacious "
 
 
 4
 
 Destiny Calling ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Aster Phoenix)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Destiny HERO - Doom Lord "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Aster Phoenix)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " D - Formation "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " D - Chain "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Master of Fusion ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Destiny HERO - Fear Monger "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Destiny Mirage "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " D - Formation "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Reinforcements ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " D - Chain "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Dark City "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Over Destiny "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Aster Phoenix)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Over Destiny "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Destiny HERO - Malicious "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Destiny HERO - Malicious "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Destiny Draw "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Aster Phoenix)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Destiny HERO - Plasma "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Aster Phoenix, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Destiny HERO - Dasher "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Destiny HERO - Double Dude "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Destiny HERO - Fear Monger "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Destiny Signal "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Destiny HERO - Doom Lord "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Destiny HERO - Departed "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Guard Penalty "
 
 
 R 
 
 " D - Spirit "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Destruction of Destiny "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Destiny Calling
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Dark City ." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Master of Fusion
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add " Polymerization " to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used twice per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Bring it!
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. Return 1 card from your hand to the Deck; then, add 1 Level 8 Dark Warrior-Type monster from your Deck to your hand.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Clock of Destiny
 
 Each of the following effects can be used once per Duel.
 Send 1 Level 4 or lower "Destiny HERO" monster in your hand to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 "Clock Tower Prison" from your Deck to your hand. 
 Select 1 "Clock Tower Prison" in your Field Zone and place 3 Clock Counters on it. Then, you can add "Mystical Space Typhoon" to your hand from your Deck. Return the "Clock Tower Prison" to your Deck at the end of your next turn. 
 This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains 8 or more "Destiny HERO" monsters and no monsters other than "Destiny HERO" or "Elemental HERO" monsters. (Extra Deck is not included.)
 
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 The Destroyer of D
 
 Can be used from your 4th turn and onward, when you have 3000 or less Life Points. Play 1 "Destiny HERO - Dark Angel" from your hand to your opponent's side of the field in Defense Position. If your opponent controls a "Destiny HERO - Plasma", you can place "Destiny HERO - Dark Angel" on top of your opponent's Deck instead. This Skill will not activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains monsters other than "Destiny HERO" monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random FIRE-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Aster announces "I'll show you what a Deck of REAL heroes can do!"
 When he wins the Duel, Aster says "Did you honestly believe there are heroes greater than my Destiny HEROES?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Aster says "I may have lost, but it's not because your Elemental HEROES are greater than my Destiny HEROES!" followed by "I just made a few mistakes, zigging when I shoulda been zagging." 
 Zane Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Zane Truesdale , Aster announces "You’re looking a lot different than when we last met. Going through a phase?"
 When he wins the Duel, Aster says "I gotta say Zaney, I thought you’d be tougher. If you can’t keep your cool, your pro career is over before it’s started." 
 Chazz Princeton 
 When starting a Duel with  Chazz Princeton , Aster announces "Time to Chazz you down!"
 When he wins the Duel, Aster says "You have the skills of a baby. Go home and cry in your Ojama pajamas." 
 When he loses the Duel, Aster says "You've improved, Chazz." followed by "We'll have on rematch on the pro circuit!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Plasma ", a cut-in frame of Aster appears and he announces "I'll end your destiny with the life force of all things!" followed by "The unstoppable Destiny HERO - Plasma!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Destiny HERO - Plasma" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Destiny HERO - Plasma" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Plasma, attack!" followed by "Vengeful Reign!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Plasma's effect activates! Go get 'em!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny End Dragoon ", a cut-in frame of Aster appears, and he announces "My destiny still keeps going!" followed by "Come here! Destiny End Dragoon!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that Monster, he announces "Destiny End Dragoon! Attack!" followed by "Ultimate Destiny Burst!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that Monster, he announces "I activate Destiny End Dragoon's effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dreadmaster ", a cut-in frame of Aster briefly appears, and he announces "I release my Destiny HERO from his prison!" followed by "Come on out, Destiny HERO - Dreadmaster!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that Monster, he announces "Dreadmaster attack!" followed by "Predator of Dreadnought!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dreadmaster's effect activates!" 
 When Aster Summons " The Grand Jupiter ", a cut-in frame of Aster briefly appears and he announces "Come here! The Grand Jupiter!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he erroneously announces "Silent Psyhic Wizard attacks!" followed by "Great Red Spot!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Jupiter's effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dangerous ", a cut-in frame of Aster's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Summon a monster!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dark Angel ", a cut-in frame of Aster's face briefly appears, and he announces "My dad created this card to oppose my greatest Destiny HERO..." followed by "Show yourself, Destiny HERO - Dark Angel!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Angel, take 'em down, attack!" 
 When activating the effect of that monster, Aster announces "Dark Angel's effect activates!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dogma ", a cut-in frame of Aster's face briefly appears, and he announces "Come on out, Destiny HERO - Dogma!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Dogma!" followed by "Dagger Dash!" 
 When activating the effect of that monster, Aster announces "Dogma's effect kicks in!" followed by "Life Absolute!" 
 When Aster Summons " Vision HERO Trinity ", a cut-in frame of Aster's face briefly appears, and he announces "Vision HERO Trinity is here!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Trinity, show your stuff!" followed by "Trinity Crush!" 
 When activating the effect of that monster, Aster announces "Trinity's effect activates!" 
 When Aster Summons " Vision HERO Adoration ",  a cut-in frame of Aster's face briefly appears, and he announces "I'll play this little number, Vision HERO Adoration!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Adoration, attack!" followed by "Ambition Sanction!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Check out Adoration's effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Blade Master ", he announces "Here comes Destiny HERO - Blade Master!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blade Master do your thing, attack!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Blade Master's effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Captain Tenacious ", he announces "Meet Destiny HERO - Captain Tenacious!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Captain Tenacious, bring the pain!" followed by "Frightful Fear!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Captain Tenacious's effect kicks in!" followed by "Wonder Alive!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Celestial ", he announces "Check out Destiny HERO - Celestial!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Celestial!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Celestial, show 'em your effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dasher ", he announces "C'mon, Destiny HERO - Dasher!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dasher, attack!" followed by "Pyro-Electric Shock!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Dasher's effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Decider ”, he announces “I present to you, Destiny HERO - Decider!”
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Decider, attack and determine my opponent's fate!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Decider's effect activates!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Defender ", he announces "Destiny HERO - Defender's on the scene!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Defender attacks!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Defender activates his effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Departed ", he announces "Now that Destiny HERO - Departed is here, your future's looking grim!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take it to 'em Departed! Attack!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Departed's effect activates!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude ", he announces "Here comes my new pal! Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Diamond Dude, Attack!" followed by "Diamond Blast!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Diamond Dude! Use your effect, m'man!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Doom Lord ", he announces "I usher in your doom! Destiny HERO - Doom Lord!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Doom Lord, send 'em packing!" followed by "Impending Doom Grip!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Doom Lord, activate your effect!" followed by "Impending Doom Grip!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Double Dude , he announces "You're in for double the trouble! Destiny HERO - Double Dude!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Double Dude!" followed by "Overlapping Doom!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Double Dude activates his effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dread Servant ", he announces "Destiny HERO - Dread Servant has arrived!
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Destiny HERO - Dread Servant, send 'em out with a bang!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dread Servant's effect activates!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Drilldark ", he announces "Here comes Destiny HERO - Drilldark!"
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Drilldark, show 'em your effect!" 
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Drilldark!" followed by "Pierce 'em!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dunker ", he announces "Destiny HERO - Dunker's coming to slam you down!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dunker, attack!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Dunker's effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Fear Monger ", he announces "Meet Destiny HERO - Fear Monger!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Fear Monger!" followed by "Scare 'em with Dark Doom!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Fear Monger's effect activates!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Malicious ", he announces "C'mon, Destiny HERO - Malicious!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Malicious! Show no mercy and attack!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Malicious' effect!" 
 When Aster Summons " Elemental HERO Phoenix Enforcer ", he announces "Check out my Elemental HERO Phoenix Enforcer!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Phoenix Enforcer, Phoenix Flame!" 
 When Aster Summons " Elemental HERO Shining Phoenix Enforcer ", he announces "Out comes Elemental HERO Shining Phoenix Enforcer!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shining Phoenix Enforcer go! Shimmer Kick!" 
 When Aster Summons " Vision HERO Vyon ", he announces "Strut your stuff, Vision HERO Vyon!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Show 'em what you got Vyon, attack!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Vyon's effect!" 
 When Aster Summons “ D Cubed ”, he announces “You’re up, D Cubed!”
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "D Cubed, attack!" 
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Check out D Cubed's effect!" 
 Spell/Trap 
 When Aster activates " Clock Tower Prison ", he announces "Time for my Destiny HEROES to shine on a new battlefield!" followed by "I activate my Field Spell, Clock Tower Prison! With every tick of this clock, I come closer to victory!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Aster announces "I activate my Field Spell, Clock Tower Prison!" 
 When Aster activates “ Cyclone Blade ”, he announces “I activate the Equip Spell, Cyclone Blade!” 
 When Aster activates " D - Counter ", he announces "I activate my Trap! D - Counter!" 
 When Aster activates " D - Chain ", he announces "I activate my Trap! D - Chain!" 
 When Aster activates " D - Formation " or its effect, he announces "The Continuous Spell, D - Formation!" 
 When Aster activates “ D - Fortune ”, he announces “My Trap activates! D - Fortune!” 
 When Aster activates " D - Fusion ", he announces "I activate my Trap! D - Fusion!" 
 When Aster activates " D - Mind ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, D - Mind!" 
 When Aster activates " D - Spirit ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! D - Spirit!" 
 When Aster activates " D - Time ", he announces "The wheels of destiny turn in my favour." followed by "I activate my Trap! D - Time!" 
 When Aster activates " Dark City ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell! Dark City!" 
 When Aster activates " Destiny Draw ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Destiny Draw!" 
 When Aster activates " Destiny Mirage ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Destiny Mirage!" 
 When Aster activates " Destiny Signal ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Destiny Signal!" 
 When Aster activates " Destruction of Destiny ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Destruction of Destiny!" 
 When Aster activates " Elemental Recharge ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Elemental Recharge!" 
 When Aster activates " Eternal Dread ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Eternal Dread!" 
 When Aster Activates “ Fusion Sage ” he announces "I activate my Spell Fusion Sage!" 
 When Aster activates " Guard Penalty ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Guard Penalty!" 
 When Aster activates " Mausoleum of the Emperor ", he announces "I activate the Field Spell, Mausoleum of the Emperor!" 
 When Aster activates " Misfortune ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Misfortune!" 
 When Aster activates " Mispolymerization ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Mispolymerization!" 
 When Aster activates " Over Destiny ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Over Destiny!" 
 When Aster activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 Monsters 
 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Disk Commander ", he announces "Destiny HERO - Disk Commander, come on out!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Disk Commander, sling your disks!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Disk Commander's effect activates!" 
 When Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dystopia " he announces "Introducing Destiny HERO - Dystopia!"
 Most of the time when Aster declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Dystopia, Dystopia Blow!" 
 When Aster activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dystopia's effect activates!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 
 When Aster activates " D - Shield ", he announces "I activate my Trap! D - Shield!" 
 Trivia 
 Originally, when Aster Summons " Destiny HERO - Dangerous ", he would pronounce the name of the card as "Destiny HERO - Destructive Guy". It is unknown as to why the name isn't pronounced properly  in either the English ("Dangerous") or Japanese ("Deadly Guy") pronunciation(s).
 This error has been corrected, and replaced with a cut-in frame of Aster's face, and him saying "I Summon a monster!" when Summoning the card. 
 The inclusion of " The Grand Jupiter " and " Vision HERO Vyon " as card-specific dialogue comes from Aster's use of those cards in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga.
 When declaring an attack with "The Grand Jupiter", Aster addresses the card as " Silent Psychic Wizard ". It is unknown as why the English text would erroneously label it as "Silent Psychic Wizard", seeing as Aster has no association with the latter card. 
 When declaring an attack or activating the effect of "Vision HERO Vyon", the dialogue misspells the card as "Vaion". 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor  - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine  - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa  - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar  - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus  - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood  - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Evolved Hassleberry 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Rex Raptor,  Bandit Keith , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM),  The Paradox Brothers ,  Espa Roba , and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik  and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and  Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and  Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and  Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and  Tori Meadows 
 v e 
 Aster Phoenix  (Edo Phoenix) pages Anime, manga, books 
 GX  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/AsterPhoenix-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/238?cb=20171006075624', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Profile-DULI-AsterPhoenix.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306175308', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Icon-DULI-AsterPhoenix.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301163826', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/Icon-DULI-AsterPhoenix2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301171022', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Chibi-DULI-AsterPhoenix.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132301', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/CutIn-DULI-AsterPhoenix.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314154013', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/Summoning-DULI-AsterPhoenix.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315171949', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/76/Defeat-DULI-AsterPhoenix.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307142732', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Aster Phoenix pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters