Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_070


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 070 
 
 
 
 
 Yuya  is newly inspired. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 届 かぬ 叫 び 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Todokanu Sakebi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 An Out-Of-Reach Shout 
 
 
 English 
 The Gift of Grit 
 
 
 Number 
 070 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 23, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 24, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 November 12, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " UNLEASH " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " ARC of Smile! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 Director 
 Ippei Yokota 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Tsukasa Sunaga 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Tomoaki Kado, Eri Kojima 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Concerted Effort " 
 " Duel Consequences " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Gift of Grit ", known as " An Out-Of-Reach Shout " in the Japanese version, is the seventieth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on August 23, 2015 and in Australia on October 24, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on January 17, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US on January 2018. 
 
The last match of the  tournament's  first day is  Celina 's! Her opponent is  Tony . The loser will be sent to the  Underground Labor Facility . Meanwhile,  Yuya  is inspired by the Duel between  Zuzu  and  Chojiro , and determines to stand up once again. At the same time,  Jack  appears before  Declan ,  Riley  and the  High Council , and begins talking about his past...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Celina vs. Tony Zomboni 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Yuya recalls the third duel of the  Friendship Cup , between  Zuzu Boyle  and  Chojiro Tokumatsu . He knows that Zuzu reached out to him with the words she spoke during the duel. As the crowd continue to cheer Zuzu's victory, Yuya is still watching in his room. He tells himself that not only Zuzu knew how he was feeling, but Chojiro was also aware of the consequences of defeat, and reached out to him as well. Shedding tears, he thanks both of them. Meanwhile,  Melissa Trail  commentates that the duel united the spectators that packed out the  Duel Palace , and says that the Friendship Cup is living up to its name, before announcing the final match of the day.
 Both  Sylvio  and  Yugo  anticipate their names being called out next, but Melissa announces the next tie as  Celina  vs.  Tony Zomboni . Both Yuya and Zuzu express their surprise at the announcement, while Sylvio is exasperated.  Dennis McField  reacts well to the fact that he isn't riding today, while Yugo complains that he could have just spent the whole day sleeping;  Shinji Weber  roots for his fellow  Common . As  Sam  leads Celina out of her room at the High Council penthouse,  Jean-Michel Roget  watches on from his office. He wonders if his henchman behind him is disappointed not to be riding today, nevertheless Roget thinks Celina will go far in the tournament. Addressing his henchman as  Sergey , he hopes Sergey will crush Celina before doing the same to Jack Atlas, and deliver a shock to the people of  New Domino City . 
 Yuya is still not pleased at the consequence for the losers at the Friendship Cup, thinking that the tournament loses meaning with this rule in place. Raising his voice, he addresses the  High Council  and tells them to stop the tournament. A while later, Melissa commentates the Turbo Duel between Celina and Tony, praising the passion as Celina's " Lunalight Cat Dancer " trails Tony's three " Archfiend Zombie-Skull ". Melissa also states each player's current Life Points, and wonders if Celina can turn this around. On Celina's turn, she  Normal Summons  " Lunalight Purple Butterfly ", then activates " Polymerization ", chanting: " The beautiful beast dancing in the moonlight! The butterfly that wields violet poison! Swarm in the vortex of moon’s gravity and become a new power! Fusion Summon! Come forth! Elegant beast dancing in the moonlit wilderness!  Lunalight Panther Dancer ! ((Dub) "By combining  the reflexes of a fierce feline  with  the fluttering fury of a night time huntress , I can create a new lunar legend! I Fusion Summon! Now appear, sleek creature of the night, and ready those razor-sharp claws! Lunalight Panther Dancer is on the prowl!" )" Melissa announces the successful Fusion Summon, and wonders if the new generation of female duelists specialise in  Fusion Monsters . Only then does Melissa notice the similarities in Zuzu and Celina's appearances, and wonders if they are sisters (in the dub, Melissa instead admits that she's allergic to cats).
 Tony responds to the Fusion Summon by playing " Bottomless Trap Hole ". As per "Panther Dancer's" effect, it escapes the trap with ease. Celina says that "Panther Dancer" can attack all three of Tony's "Zombie-Skulls" twice each. As Tony takes the first hit, he notes that his monster wasn't destroyed by the first attack. He announces the effect of " Zombie Heart " that was equipped to the attacked "Zombie-Skull", and infers that Celina will lose at the end of the turn. Celina, undeterred, has "Panther Dancer" attack the same "Zombie-Skull" again, and this time, it is destroyed. Celina states "Panther Dancer's" other effect which powers it up by 200 ATK every time it destroys a monster. Tony does the calculations in his head (in the dub, he also notes that Panther Dancer still can't attack anymore this turn), and Celina merely states that after all his "Zombie-Skulls" are destroyed, Tony will have no life left. The watching Shinji feels helpless for Tony at this point. 
 As Melissa commentates when Tony's monsters get destroyed, the scene turns to the High Council hall.  Riley  is keeping his head down while with his brother  Declan  who is watching, muttering that  Moon Shadow  was picked over him. (In the dub, he does not mention Moon Shadow.) Melissa duly announces Celina's win as two wins by females in a row, and tells the boys to watch out. The watching Roget calmly dismisses gender as an irrelevancy, saying that the training determines the winners instead, and compliments Celina's training, telling Sergey behind him that she surpasses their expectations. Feeling relieved for Celina, Yuya falls back on his bed as Melissa concludes proceedings for the day. She addresses the crowd directly with "Did you enjoy yourselves?" and the spectators respond with cheers and applause. Melissa tries to rally the spectators with one last chant of the Friendship Cup slogan, but notices that they're already beginning to leave the Duel Palace.
 Yuya switches off the screen in his room, dismissing the Friendship Cup slogan completely. He knows what happens to the losers, and feels sorry for Tony whose fate awaits him underground. He also feels angry and refuses to accept the Friendship Cup by its name, but knows he can't do anything about it because the High Council won't hear him. Meanwhile, the High Council speak among themselves regarding the results, noting that among the  Lancers , one won and two lost. Councillor  Azul  wonders if Zuzu is a Lancer as well. Declan tells her that she is from the  Standard Dimension  like he is, and is as capable as any Lancer in terms of her dueling (Zuzu isn't mentioned by anyone at this point in the dub; instead Declan says that his Lancers have shown great promise in the tournament). Councillor  Bordeaux  thus deduces that, if she were a Lancer, that would be two wins and two losses, noting that Declan's crew are not giving a good account of themselves as supposed saviours of their dimension. Chairman  White Taki  agrees, but gives them another chance tomorrow. Declan thanks the councillors and begins to leave, but is stopped. White Taki invites Declan and Riley for a special dinner with them and a guest. When asked who it is, White Taki merely states that he is the most popular duelist in their world. The other councillors mention that one of the Lancers were crushed by him, and that he is New Domino City's pride and joy. The duelist in question slams the door open behind Declan and Riley. Riley states  Jack Atlas ' name with a tremble in his voice. (In the dub, Jack Atlas is named by the High Council as he enters; Riley does not say anything.)
 Meanwhile, Sylvio, boastful about his position among the Lancers let alone  Leo Institute , is still complaining about not being able to duel on the opening day. He has an idea of trying to get  his father  involved (he does not mention his father in the dub), and crunches his fist thinking about it. Just then, a trolley rolls into Sylvio's room, containing his meal. He decides to calm down and accept the meal as an apology, but still vows to the tournament organisers that he duel tomorrow. Meanwhile, Yugo tucks into his meal gleefully, saying that he's glad he entered the Friendship Cup. He hopes Zuzu will thank him as well, but then remembers what he entered Zuzu in the tournament for, and why she said nothing about it during her duel, but gets ready for tomorrow nonetheless. (In the dub, Yugo does not mention Zuzu at all while he eats.) Zuzu herself is tucking into her meal slowly, and is wondering if she did reach out to Yuya or not. As her bracelet glows again, she looks at it and wishes she could talk to Yuya face-to-face. (In the dub, Zuzu says she isn't happy even after winning today and being treated with food, then looks at her bracelet and says it must be because she's worried about Yuya.)
 Later that night, Yuya is sat on his bed holding his deck. He recalls Zuzu's duel and knows he must do something instead of sitting around forever. Then he recalls the way Jack Atlas threw mud at his style of dueling, and wonders if Jack actually meant that Yuya shouldn't be dueling for himself. But then Yuya thinks Jack wasn't being sincere, because of the way he defeated him, and doubts whether Jack believes in dueling as entertainment at all. He flips over the top card in his deck, " Smile World ", and continues to believe that the way  his father  dueled, the way he brought smiles to audiences instead of just focusing on the opponent, was entertainment (in the dub, Yuya's thoughts about what entertainment really is are changed). 
 Meanwhile, Declan and Riley are having their dinner meet with the High Council and Jack Atlas. He is asked if Zuzu impressed him the most. Jack clarifies that Zuzu is indeed skilful, but it was the way in which she conveyed her message during the duel that impressed him. Azul agrees, saying that she was trying to appeal to someone. As White Taki says that Chojiro gave her a good duel, Riley continues to stare blankly downwards, which Declan notices. Jack then realises that Riley had been entered in the Friendship Cup; Declan tells Jack that circumstances had demanded that Riley be replaced. White Taki remembers the replacement's name, and wonders if Declan is planning something. Riley says  Moon Shadow 's name slowly. Jack admits he wanted to see what Riley was capable of in a duel. Riley looks up at Jack when he says this, and Declan asks why. Jack says that he was once like Riley.
 
       A young Jack finds " Tuning Magician ".     
 Speaking about his past, Jack recalls always being scared of something, until he was about Riley's age. Declan points out that Jack was Commons-born. Jack says it's nothing to be sorry for; he merely chose to find his way up to the top, and is proud of his Commons origin. Jack wonders if Riley grew up in a similar environment. Declan compliments Jack's observation, which surprises the councillors who were told Riley is a younger sibling of Declan's. Declan ignores them, and asks Jack what made him follow the path of duelist, and wants Riley to hear Jack's words carefully. Jack says it started with a card. In his story, the card in question floated down from  Topside  in front of Jack during one windy, grey day. Jack decided to pick it up, then got up to look at it. Jack says that at that time, some Topsider must have lost the card he picked up, or they decided to throw away the card. The card in question was " Tuning Magician ", obscured by sunlight when Jack first looked at it. But Jack realized something. As the clouds rolled away to reveal more sunlight, Jack knew he had to return the card where it belonged, personally. Therefore, Jack set his sights on becoming stronger than any other duelist. 
 Jack then addresses Declan, knowing that he doesn't come from New Domino City. He is unsure why, or even how, his team managed to enter the Friendship Cup (in the dub, he notes that he's not the only one). But, if they are trying to accomplish something with their participation, they shouldn't give up trying. Riley gasps when he hears this. Jack then addresses Riley by name, and hopes that he has an idea of what he wants to accomplish, so that one day, Jack can see him duel. Riley stutters. Declan is honored that the "Master of Faster" himself has personally told Riley this, and is sure Riley feels the same way (in the dub, Declan says that they'll need all the help they can get). Riley looks down again just as both Declan and Jack look at him.
 
       The officer reads Roget's letter.     
 Meanwhile, Sam slips a letter underneath  Officer 227 's room. The officer goes to read it, it is by Director Roget himself. Roget reveals to the officer in advance that Yuya Sakaki is his opponent tomorrow. He promises to restore his former occupation at  Sector Security  if he beats Yuya. The officer is happy that his boss hasn't given up on him. He knows that after Yugo beat him and escaped, he was blamed and forced to endure humiliation like a Common, being chased by his old comrades all the time. And just when he was about to start serving time in jail, he was brought to the penthouse instead. The letter also came with a Fusion Monster Card; the officer picks it up and is keen to show his boss what he can do.
 A few more hours pass and Yuya is still sitting on his bed, having not touched his trolley of food since last night. He stares at "Smile World" on top of his deck. Eventually, the sun rises. Yuya gets up to greet the new day, and pulls the curtains open as seagulls fly across the view of the Duel Palace and the highway system. Yuya reiterates his belief in his father's way of dueling, denouncing Jack's way of dueling (Jack isn't mentioned in the dub), and the Friendship Cup. He wants to make people realize just how wrong it is.
 
 Featured Duel: Celina vs. Tony Zomboni 
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel  and a  Turbo Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Duel is shown from an unspecified  turn .  Celina  has 2500  LP  and  controls  " Lunalight Cat Dancer " (2400/2000) in  Attack Position  and has one card in her  hand .  Tony  has has 3000 LP and controls three copies of " Archfiend Zombie-Skull " (2500/1200 each) in Attack Position, one of which is  equipped  with " Zombie Heart ". He has one  Set  card and has no cards in his hand.
 Celina's turn 
Celina  Normal Summons  " Lunalight Purple Butterfly " (1000/1000). She activates " Polymerization ",  fusing  "Cat Dancer" with "Purple Butterfly" to  Fusion Summon  " Lunalight Panther Dancer " (2800/2500) in Attack Position. Since his opponent Summoned a monster(s) with 1500 or more  ATK , Tony activates his  face-down  " Bottomless Trap Hole ", which would  destroy  and  banish  "Panther Dancer", but the  effect  of "Panther Dancer" prevents it from being destroyed by  card effects . The other effect of "Panther Dancer" allows it to  attack  all  monsters  Tony  controls  twice each this  turn , but the attacked monsters cannot be  destroyed by battle  during the first attack on each of them. "Panther Dancer" attacks a "Zombie-Skull" (Tony: 3000 → 2700 LP). Tony activates the effect of equipped "Zombie Heart". Once per turn during the  End Phase , if the equipped monster  battled  a monster with higher ATK than the equipped monster this turn, or if a card or effect that would destroy the equipped monster was activated this turn, he can inflict  damage  to his opponent equal to the equipped monster's ATK. "Panther Dancer" attacks the same "Zombie-Skull" again and destroys it (Tony: 2700 → 2400 LP). Since it destroyed a monster by battle, "Panther Dancer" gains 200 ATK ("Panther Dancer": 2800 → 3000) via its own effect. "Panther Dancer" attacks another "Zombie-Skull" twice and destroys it (Tony: 2400 → 1900 → 1400 LP) ("Panther Dancer": 3000 → 3200). "Panther Dancer" attacks the last "Zombie-Skull" twice and destroys it (Tony: 1400 → 700 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Celina Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Lunalight Purple Butterfly Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Lunalight Cat Dancer 
 Lunalight Panther Dancer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 
 Tony Zomboni Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Archfiend Zombie-Skull  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Zombie Heart 
 Traps 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Others Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Goyo Emperor Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Smile World 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Tuner monsters 
 Tuning Magician Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 Speed World Neo 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Le don du cran
 
 
  Italian 
 Voglia di riscatto
 
 
  Thai 
 เสียงร้องที่ไปไม่ถึง
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9a/ArcV_070.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150823132308', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/16/Young_Atlas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150823134439', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/Officer227NoHelmet.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151003234551', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes