Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_147


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 147 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 因縁の対決！サイバー流ｖｓ宝玉獣 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Innen no Taiketsu! Saibā-ryū Vāsasu Hōgyokujū 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Fated Showdown! Cyber Style VS Gem Beasts 
 
 
 English 
 Conquering the Past, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 147 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 8, 2007 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 June 7, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Teardrop ティアドロップ" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Sun 太陽" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Cyber Twin Dragon 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Conquering the Past, Part 1 " 
 " Conquering the Past, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 
 "Conquering the Past, Part 2" , known as  "Fated Showdown! Cyber Style VS Gem Beasts"  in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and forty-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on August 8, 2007 and in the US on June 7, 2008.
 Jaden  still cannot bring himself to play " Polymerization ", but narrowly avoids death at the hands of  Baou  without it.  Jesse  reveals himself to be alive, but he is now possessed by  Yubel , who begins a  Duel  with  Zane .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Jaden Yuki vs. Guardian Baou 
 2.2   Zane Truesdale vs. Jesse Anderson 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Summary 
 Jaden Yuki  continues his  Duel  with  Guardian Baou  as  Syrus Truesdale ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Tania  and  Ojama Yellow  watch on. Jaden is still unable to activate " Polymerization " due to his memories of his time as  The Supreme King . Bastion tells him he must activate it, for he can't survive otherwise. He mentions he knows the identity of their true enemy. Intent on revenge towards that person, but still unable to fuse, Jaden comes up with an alternate strategy to win, utilizing " Revoke Fusion ". As Baou fades away, he comments that even at his weakest, Jaden's true nature is that of The Supreme King.
 Bastion reveals what he has discovered thus far.  The world  they are in has been divided into twelve separate dimensions, and someone with an evil intent wishes to unite them all to rule over them. Jaden figures that it has to be  Yubel . Bastion agrees, and speculates that awakening the dormant personality of The Supreme King that was always within Jaden was just part of her larger plan. Bastion states that only someone with Jaden's power can stop Yubel. Jaden responds that the Supreme King's power is gone. Bastion says that he and The Supreme King are essentially two sides of the same person. He states that if Jaden doesn't learn to control the power of The Supreme King, he will not be able to win.
 Elsewhere,  Zane Truesdale  is attempting to recover under the watch of  Dr. Crowler . Zane states that his life is nearly at an end and Crowler responds that regardless, life should be lived to the fullest until the very end. The dark gate behind them opens and out steps  Jesse Anderson , dressed in a new outfit and with orange eyes. He asks where Jaden is and states that the twelve dimensions will soon unite. Zane immediately realizes that it is not Jesse but also states he doesn't care who it is. He will be his next and final opponent. He recalls that he never finished his  Duel  with Jesse but felt the same excitement when he  Dueled  Jaden back at  Duel Academy . Jesse accepts the Duel. In the Japanese version, Yubel states that Judai has shown her love in many forms - pain, sorrow and anguish, indicating that Yubel's definition of "love" is a rather extreme form of  sadomasochism .
 Yubel reveals she has corrupted Jesse's  Crystal Beasts , turning them into the  Advanced Crystal Beasts . Using their  Field Spell , " Advanced Dark ", Yubel bypasses the weakness that they all share - low  ATK  points. "Advanced Dark" allows her to  negate  damage by  discarding  another Advanced Crystal Beast. During the Duel, Jaden and his group arrive, and Jaden fails to see why the Duel is taking place, initially not realizing that Jesse is under Yubel's control. However, Zane attacks enough times so that all of Jesse's Advanced Crystal Beasts are no longer in his Deck, thus allowing him to deal damage. He  attacks directly  with his two " Cyber Dragons ", appearing to win the Duel.
 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Featured Duels 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Guardian Baou 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode .
 Turn 4: Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa  and  Tania , at this point, manage to convince Jaden that he needs to use "Polymerization" in order to win the Duel. Jaden  activates  " Revoke Fusion " to  discard  " Polymerization " and send " Elemental Hero Wildedge " from his  Fusion Deck  to the  Graveyard  in order to  Special Summon  " Elemental Hero Bladedge " from his hand (2600/1800) in Attack Position (as "Bladedge" is listed as a Fusion Material Monster on "Wildedge"). 
 Jaden then activates " Hero Mask " to target "Bladedge" and send " Elemental Hero Avian " from his Deck to the Graveyard in order to treat "Bladedge" as "Elemental Hero Avian" until the End Phase. Jaden then activates " Feather Shot " to target "Bladedge" and allow it to attack a number of times equal to the number of monsters he controls. Jaden currently has two. "Bladedge" then attacks and destroys " Fiend Slime Mold " and " Twinheaded Beast " (Baou 3000 → 900 → 0).
 
 Zane Truesdale vs. Jesse Anderson 
 Turn 1: Jesse 
Jesse draws " Advanced Dark " and subsequently activates it. This card's effects will be revealed as the Duel progresses. Jesse then Normal Summons " Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat " (1200/600) in  Attack Position  and  sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Zane 
Zane draws. Since Jesse controls a monster and Zane has none, he  Special Summons  " Cyber Dragon " from his hand (2100/1600) in  Attack Position . "Cyber Dragon" attacks and destroys "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat", but Jesse activates the second effect of "Advanced Dark" to  send  " Advanced Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle " from his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  and nullify the  Battle Damage  he would take. Jesse then activates the last effect of "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat" to place the latter in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  as a  Continuous Spell Card . Zane then sets a card.
 Turn 3: Jesse 
Jesse draws " Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1800/1200) in Attack Position. Since "Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus" was summoned, its first effect activates, allowing Jesse to take " Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle " from his Deck and place it in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. 
 Since "Ruby Carbuncle" is in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone , Jesse activates its first effect to Special Summon itself from the Spell & Trap Card Zone (300/300) in Attack Position. Since Jesse Special Summoned "Ruby Carbuncle", he activates its second effect to Special Summon "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat" from the Spell & Trap Card Zone (1200/600) in Attack Position.
 Jesse then activates his face-down " M Force " to increase the ATK of "Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus" by 500 ("Sapphire Pegasus": 1800 → 2300/1200) and grant it the ability to inflict piercing damage for the rest of the turn. "Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus" attacks "Cyber Dragon", but Zane activates his face-down " Attack Reflector Unit " to  Tribute  "Cyber Dragon" and Special Summon " Cyber Barrier Dragon " (800/2800) in  Defense Position . 
 A  replay  occurs, and Jesse uses "Sapphire Pegasus" to attack "Cyber Barrier Dragon", but Zane activates the effect of "Cyber Barrier Dragon" to negate the attack. "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat" attacks  directly  via its own effect at the cost of halving the  Battle Damage  Zane takes (Zane 4000 → 3400). Jesse Sets a card. On Jesse's End Phase, the effect of "M Force" expires ("Sapphire Pegasus": 2300 → 1800/1200).
 Turn 4: Zane 
Zane draws "Polymerization". He then switches "Cyber Barrier Dragon" to Attack Position. Zane then activates "Polymerization" to fuse two "Cyber Dragons" in his  hand  together and  Fusion Summon  " Cyber Twin Dragon " (2800/2100) in  Attack Position . Zane's hand contains " Cybernetic Hidden Technology " and " De-Fusion ".
 "Cyber Twin Dragon" attacks and destroys "Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus", but Jesse activates the second effect of "Advanced Dark" by sending " Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise " from his Deck to the Graveyard. Jesse then activates the last effect of "Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus" to place the latter in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  as a  Continuous Spell Card . Jesse's hand contains " GEM Burst " and " Amber Crystal Circle ".
 "Cyber Twin Dragon" attacks and destroys "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat" (as it can attack twice during each of Zane's  Battle Phases ), but Jesse activates the second effect of "Advanced Dark" by sending " Advanced Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth " from his Deck to the Graveyard. Jesse then activates the last effect of "Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat" to place the latter in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card.
 "Cyber Barrier Dragon" attacks and destroys "Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle", but Jesse activates the second effect of "Advanced Dark" by sending " Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger " from his Deck to the Graveyard. Jesse then activates the last effect of "Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle" to place the latter in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card.
 Zane then activates "De-Fusion" to return "Cyber Twin Dragon" to the  Fusion Deck  and Special Summon two "Cyber Dragons" from his Graveyard (2100/1600 each) in Attack Position. The first "Cyber Dragon" attacks directly (Jesse 4000 → 1900). The second "Cyber Dragon" attacks directly.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Guardian Baou Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Fiend Slime Mold 
 Twinheaded Beast Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Gravity Gain 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bladedge 
 Elemental Hero Wildheart Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Wildedge Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Feather Shot 
 Hero Mask 
 Polymerization 
 Revoke Fusion 
 
 Zane Truesdale Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Barrier Dragon 
 Cyber Dragon  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber Twin Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Attack Reflector Unit 
 Cybernetic Hidden Technology  (in hand) 
 
 Jesse Anderson/Yubel Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Advanced Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth 
 Advanced Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat 
 Advanced Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle 
 Advanced Crystal Beast Emerald Tortoise 
 Advanced Crystal Beast Ruby Carbuncle 
 Advanced Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Advanced Crystal Beast Topaz Tiger Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Advanced Dark 
 GEM Burst 
 M Force 
 Traps 
 Amber Crystal Circle 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Overdragon 
 Trivia 
 Jaden's duel against Guardian Baou is the last win he has in the English dub. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 3 episodes 
 #105 " Third Time's A Charm " #106 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 " #107 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 2 " #108 " Hanging with Axel: Part 1 " #109 " Hanging with Axel: Part 2 " #110 " Primal Instinct " #111 " Head in the Clouds: Part 1 " #112 " Head in the Clouds: Part 2 " #113 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 1 " #114 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 2 " #115 " Trapper Keeper, Part 1 " #116 " Trapper Keeper, Part 2 " #117 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 1 " #118 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 2 " #119 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 3 " #120 " Inter-Dimension Detention " #121 " Sub-Desert Duel " #122 " Night of the Living Duelist " #123 " School Ghoul Duels " #124 " Triple Play, Part 1 " #125 " Triple Play, Part 2 " #126 " Return of the Sacred Beasts " #127 " Breaking of the Sacred Seal " #128 " A Dimensional Duel " #129 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 1 " #130 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 2 " #131 " All for One " #132 " A New World Order " #133 " Friend or Fiend " #134 " Dueling With the Dark Army " #135 " Turning the Page, Part 1 " #136 " Turning the Page, Part 2 " #137 " The State of Syrus " #138 " The Darkness Revealed " #139 " A Sight Unseen, Part 1 " #140 " A Sight Unseen, Part 2 " #141 " What Lies Beneath, Part 1 " #142 " What Lies Beneath, Part 2 " #143 " What Lies Beneath, Part 3 " #144 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 1 " #145 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 2 " #146 " Conquering the Past, Part 1 " #147 " Conquering the Past, Part 2 " #148 " Conquering the Past, Part 3 " #149 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 1 " #150 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 2 " #151 " The Power Within, Part 1 " #152 " The Power Within, Part 2 " #153 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 1 " #154 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 2 " #155 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 3 " #156 " Judai Revived!? A Brand New Journey " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2 
 S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/Series147.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121029014739', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes