Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Arkana%27s_Duel


 
 Yami Yugi and Arkana's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Arkana's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Arkana 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Yami Yugi 
 
 
 Event 
 Battle City 
 
 
 Location 
 Unknown arena 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 60:  " The Master of Magicians, Part 1 " 61:  " The Master of Magicians, Part 2 " 62:  " The Master of Magicians, Part 3 " 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi  and  Arkana  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Battle City  arc, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It is based on   Dark Yugi and Pandora's Duel  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! (manga) .
 
 Prior Events 
 Marik Ishtar  is informed by  one of his subordinates  that " Obelisk the Tormentor " has revealed itself, and  Seto Kaiba  is the one who possesses him. This reveal came after Kaiba enforces his authority on a duelist who wanted all the cards in the deck of his defeated opponent. Marik orders his rare hunters to dispatch  Arkana .
 Meanwhile at Domino City, Yami Yugi follows a clown into a circus tent, then into a box.  Téa Gardner  and  Solomon Muto  notice this but soon a cloud of smoke explodes from the box. When the smoke clears Yami disappears.
 Yami enters an unknown room, with a computer inside displaying his dueling stats and rarest card. Suddenly a red version of " Dark Magician " appears and denounces Yami as his owner, saying there is someone better than him. Yami is not fooled by this and orders whoever is pulling this trick to appear. Yugi then meets a man in an elaborate magician's outfit and introduces himself as  Arkana , who challenges him to a duel where the winner will take the loser's "Dark Magician".
 Arkana then takes Yugi to a secret dueling arena, in a location where not even Kaiba knows where they are. After each duelist shuffles their decks and has the other duelist cut their cards, Arkana introduces another twist to this duel: In the english version, the arena is fitted with  Dark Energy Discs , where one touch will send their minds to the  Shadow Realm , while in the japanese version, it is fitted with circular saws that will cut off their feet. He points out the numbers above the discs and Yami surmizes they are life points, and the closer the number gets to zero the closer the discs get to them. Then Arkana points to the direction of their feet, where each duelist has a key box. Inside the box is a key which will unlock the shackles around their legs. Also, the boxes displays the opponents life points and will only open if the other duelist's life points reach zero.
 The duel begins.
 
 Featured Duel: Yami Yugi vs. Arkana 
 Turn 1: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws. He then  Sets  a card and  Normal Summons  " Alpha The Magnet Warrior " (1400/1700) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 2: Arkana 
Arkana's opening hand contains " The Mystical Guillotine ", " Mystic Tomato ", " Beckon to the Dark ", " Doll of Demise ", and " Dark Magician ". Since  Arkana  cheated by trimming the edges of his own "Dark Magician" cards, he has his own "Dark Magician" in his  hand . Arkana draws " Legion the Fiend Jester " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1300/1500) in  Defense Position . Arkana intends to Tribute his "Legion" and another monster on his next turn in order to  Tribute Summon  "Dark Magician".
 Turn 3: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. His hand contains "Card Destruction", " Celtic Guardian ", " Kuriboh ", " Beaver Warrior ", and " Full Moon ". Since Yami Yugi doesn't trust in Arkana's  Hand , he  activates  " Card Destruction " to force both players to discard their entire hand and draw cards equal to the number of cards they just discarded. Arkana  draws  five cards while Yami Yugi draws four. 
 Yami Yugi then activates his face-down " Brain Control " to take  control  of "Legion the Fiend Jester" until the End Phase. He then  Tributes  "Legion the Fiend Jester" and "Alpha the Magnet Warrior" in order to Tribute Summon " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) in  Attack Position . "Dark Magician"  attacks   directly  (Arkana 4000 → 1500).
 Yami Yugi  has 4000  LP  remaining and  controls  " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) in Attack Position.
 Arkana  has 1500 LP remaining and controls no cards.
 Turn 4: Arkana 
 Arkana  draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Mystic Tomato " (1400/1100) in  Defense Position  and Sets a card.
 Turn 5: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Beta The Magnet Warrior " (1700/1600) in  Attack Position . Since Yami Yugi summoned a monster,  Arkana   activates  his face-down " Dark Renewal " to Tribute both "Beta The Magnet Warrior" and "Mystic Tomato" and revive his own " Dark Magician " (2500/2100) in  Attack Position .  Yami Yugi   Sets  two cards.
 Turn 6: Arkana 
 Arkana  draws. He then  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 7: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws. He then  Sets  one card.
 Turn 8: Arkana 
 Arkana  draws. He then  Sets  one card.
 Turn 9: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws. He then  Sets  one card.
 Turn 10: Arkana 
 Arkana  draws. He then  Sets  one card. Arkana then  activates  his face-down " The Mystical Guillotine " to  destroy   Yami Yugi 's "Dark Magician", but  Yami Yugi   activates  his face-down " Magical Hats " to create four Hats, hide his "Dark Magician in one of them and shuffle the hats up. "The Mystical Guillotine"  destroys  a "Hat", but it turns out to be empty. 
 Arkana   activates  his face-down " Thousand Knives " to automatically  destroy  the hat that contains  Yami Yugi 's "Dark Magician", but  Yami Yugi   activates  his face-down " Cursebreaker " to negate and  destroy  both "Thousand Knives" and "Magical Hats". 
 Arkana 's "Dark Magician"  attacks   Yami Yugi 's "Dark Magician". Both monsters are then destroyed in a  Double KO . Both  Arkana  and Yami Yugi then  activate  their face-down " Monster Reborn " to revive their "Dark Magicians" (2500/2100 for both) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 11: Yami Yugi 
Yami Yugi draws. He then passes his turn.
 At this point Yami asks why Arkana became a rare hunter and Arkana removes his mask and explains his story. He then puts it back on and explains that if he can defeat Yugi, Marik will help him reunite with his former fiancee  Catherine .
 Turn 12: Arkana 
 Arkana  draws. He then  Sets  one card.
 Turn 13: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws. He then  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 14: Arkana 
 Arkana   activates  his face-down " Beckon to the Dark " to  send   Yami Yugi 's "Dark Magician" to the Graveyard, but  Yami Yugi   activates  his face-down " Mystical Refpanel " to negate the effect of "Beckon to the Dark" and use the effect of "Beckon to the Dark" on  Arkana 's "Dark Magician" instead. 
 Arkana  then activates his face-down " Nightmare's Chains " to  negate  the effect of "Mystical Refpanel" and  destroy  it. The secondary effect of "Nightmare's Chains" also forbids  Yami Yugi  "Dark Magician" from attacking or changing its battle position. Since Yami Yugi's "Dark Magician" is the only monster he controls, the third effect of "Nightmare's Chains" allows Arkana's monsters to attack directly.  Arkana 's "Dark Magician"  attacks  directly ( Yami Yugi  4000 → 1500).
 Turn 15: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Big Shield Gardna " (100/2600) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 16: Arkana 
 Arkana  draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Doll of Demise " (1600/1700) in  Attack Position . He then  activates  " Ectoplasmer ", which will let the turn player choose two types of monsters to be converted into ectoplasm, with half of the turn player's Tributed monsters' ATK being inflicted as damage to their opponents during each of their turns. Arkana activates the effect of "Ectoplasmer" and selects "Fiend" for its effect, which causes "Doll of Demise" to be Tributed (Yami Yugi 1500 → 700). 
 Arkana activates the effect of "Ectoplasmer" and selects "Spellcaster" for its effect, which causes his "Dark Magician" to be Tributed, however Yami Yugi's "Dark Magician" is also Tributed too and the damage that Yami Yugi would take is nullified.
 Yami Yugi  has 700  LP  remaining and  controls  " Big Shield Gardna " (100/2600) in Defense Position and two set cards.
 Arkana  has 1500 LP remaining and controls no cards.
 Turn 16: Arkana 
 Arkana   Sets  a card.
 Turn 17: Yami Yugi 
 Yami Yugi  draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " (1500/1200) in  Attack Position .  Arkana  then  activates  his face-down " Shadow Balance " to  destroy   Yami Yugi 's  monsters  until he and Arkana has the same number of monsters. Since there are no  monsters  on  Arkana 's side of the  field , the effect of " Shadow Balance "  destroys  both "Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts" and " Big Shield Gardna ".
 Turn 18: Arkana 
 Arkana  draws. He then  activates  " Dark Magic Curtain " to  pay  half his  Life Points  ( Arkana  1500 → 750) and  Special Summon  a " Dark Magician " from his Deck (2500/2100) in  Attack Position . He then  activates  " Anti-Magic Arrows " to prevent  Yami Yugi  from  activating  his  Set  cards. 
 Arkana 's " Dark Magician "  attacks  directly, but  Yami Yugi   activates  the effect of " Dark Magic Curtain " to  pay  half his  Life Points  ( Yami  700 → 350) and  Special Summon  " Dark Magician Girl " (2000/1700) in  Attack Position .
 A replay occurs, and Arkana, knowing that "Dark Magician Girl" has 500 less Attack Points that his "Dark Magician", orders his "Dark Magician" to attack "Dark Magician Girl". Arkana thinks he won the duel but Yugi points out that his "Dark Magician Girl" is still standing and his "Dark Magician" is destroyed instead. When Arkana asks how this could happen, Yami Yugi states that due to the effect of "Dark Magician Girl", it gains 300 ATK for each "Dark Magician" in the Graveyard.
 Arkana is confused by this development as he points out that Yami has only one "Dark Magician" in his Graveyard (which would make the ATK of "Dark Magician Girl" 2300), so his "Dark Magician" would still beat her by 200 attack points. Suddenly, he sees the spectre of his first "Dark Magician" standing right next to "Dark Magcian Girl" When Arkana asks how this is possible, Yami Yugi then reminds Arkana that "Dark Magician Girl" gains ATK from "Dark Magicians" in  both  players' Graveyards ("Dark Magician Girl": 2000 → 2600/1700), thus resulting in "Dark Magician Girl" destroying Arkana's "Dark Magician" ( Arkana  750 → 650) ("Dark Magician Girl": 2600 → 2900/1700).
 Turn 19: Yami Yugi 
"Dark Magician Girl"  attacks  directly ( Arkana  650 → 0).
 
 Aftermath 
 Yami Yugi's key box opens revealing a key and a locator card.
 Because Arkana failed, he was about to be sent to the Shadow Realm by Marik. But Yami reverts back to Yugi and saves Arkana. When he tried to embrace Catherine, it is revealed that the "Catherine" behind the curtain was actually a mannequin dressed up to look like her.
 Then Marik takes over Arkana's body and tells Yugi that another of his Rare Hunters, whom he calls " The Quiet One " will find him and he has  An Egyptian God Card .
 Yugi is reunited with Tea, Mr. Muto and Mokuba.
 
 v e 
 Battle City Participants 
 Anime 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar  and  Yami Marik 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Lumis 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Yugi Muto  and  Yami Yugi 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Odion 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Rex Raptor 
 Espa Roba 
 Bakura Ryou  and  Yami Bakura 
 Seeker 
 Sid 
 Strings 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Umbra 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 
 Duels 
 
 
Preliminaries 
 
 Yami and Seeker 
 Rex and Espa 
 Joey and Espa 
 Kaiba and Koji 
 
 Yami and Arkana 
 Joey and Weevil 
 Yami and Strings (Marik) 
 Yami, Kaiba and Rare Hunters 
 
 Joey and Mako 
 Yami, Kaiba, Umbra and Lumis 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz 
 Mai and Magnum 
 
 
 
 
Finals 
 
 Quarter finals 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Odion 
 Mai and Yami Marik 
 Kaiba and Ishizu 
 
 Battle Royale 
 
 Yami, Joey, Kaiba and Yami Marik 
 Semi finals 
 
 Joey and Yami Marik 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 
 Playoff 
 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Final 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 Kaiba and the Duel Computer 
 Joey and Seeker 
 
 Yugi and Joey (Marik) 
 Yami Bakura and Yami Marik 
 
 Joey and dream opponents 
 Yami and Joey 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Yugioh062.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140522153538']
Categories: Battle City Duels