Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_024


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 復活 ！  万丈目 サンダー 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Fukkatsu! Manjōme Sandā 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Revival! Manjome Thunder 
 
 
 English 
 The New Chazz 
 
 
 Number 
 024 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 16, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 9, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Chi Man Park 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Little Belowski " 
 " The School Duel, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " The New Chazz ", known as " Revival! Manjome Thunder " in the Japanese version, is the twenty-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 16, 2005 and in the United States on December 9, 2005.
 After leaving  Duel Academy ,  Chazz Princeton  ultimately ends up outside the gates of  North Academy , while losing his Deck in the process. Using a new Deck constructed from cards around the surrounding area, Chazz enters North Academy, with the goal of becoming its top student.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Chazz Princeton vs. unknown North Academy Student 
 2.2   Chazz Princeton vs. 4 North Academy Students 
 2.3   Chazz Princeton vs. Czar 
 
 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Far off in the sea,  Chazz Princeton  was stranded on his sinking boat. He curses  Dr. Crowler ,  Bastion Misawa , and especially  Jaden Yuki . Wanting one more chance to defeat Jaden, he begins hallucinating that Jaden is there, speaking with him, and in an attempt to hit him, his Duel Disk runs out of power. He throws his only remaining water bottle at the illusion, and in his effort to retrieve it, falls overboard and is carried off in the riptide. He awakens after having been picked up by a  submarine , is a greeted by a small yellow  Duel Spirit  and a strange masked man. The man asks if he's a Duelist, and states that Chazz's cards have become soaked by the water, and are now useless. The man drops them in to puddle on the floor of the submarine, and tosses him an " Ojama Yellow " card, which Chazz nearly disposes of. He is warned by the man that he'll regret doing so, and that the card he's been given will help him become stronger. He offers Chazz the chance to prove himself, and launches him from the submarine. He ends up on a frozen wasteland of an island, but can see a large building off in the distance.
 Chazz arrives at the building and knocks on the door, and a man sitting nearby tells him it's useless. He's reached  North Academy , and no one without a Deck of forty cards is permitted to enter the building. He reveals that there are cards hidden all around in the surrounding areas, that one must find to construct a Deck. However, he's only managed to gather thirty-nine, and does not have the energy to search for a fortieth. Chazz offers to purchase the cards from the man, but he declines, stating that besides his clothing and the fire, these cards are all he has. Chazz walks off, intent on finding a Deck on his own. He does so, and returns to the gates. He reveals he gathered forty-one cards, and attempts to give "Ojama Yellow" to the man, but he cannot seem to bring himself to do so, as the card's  spirit  begs him not to, and informs him of  two   brothers  who were lost. He gives him another card instead, and goes to rest by the fire while the man continues on into the academy. However, he really only found forty cards, so he's now one short. He finds a " Chaos End " card by the fire where the man was sitting, and adds it to his Deck. Chazz knocks on the door and proclaims he has 40 cards so he demands to be let in. The gate scans his duel disk to verify the forty cards and also recharges his duel disk. He enters, and finds himself in a small Old Western-style town. The man from earlier is kicked out of one of buildings, and North Academy's students reveal themselves. Their leader is man named  Czar , who explains that to gain entrance, one must Duel against all 50 of North Academy's students in order from lowest ranked to strongest ranked in a duel gauntlet. Upon losing, the new student will take the rank of their previous opponent. Chazz accepts the challenge.
 Chazz easily defeats the first student using " KA-2 Des Scissors " and " Limiter Removal ". He then overpowers all of the students save for the final four, whom he opts to Duel at the same time, for the right to face Czar. Each of them Summons a " Marauding Captain " and uses the effect of it to  Special Summon  another copy from their hand, resulting in a total of eight "Marauding Captains" on the  field , all in  Attack Position . Chazz can attack none of them, as their other effects prevent other  Warrior - Type  monsters from being targeted by attacks. Chazz  Sets  two cards and Summons " Giant Rat " in  Defense Position . Chazz states that he learned something from being forced to find all these cards - every card has a use and he's had to find ways to utilize the weak cards that he's found, in place of the powerful ones he is accustomed to using. 
 Ojama Yellow appears and thanks Chazz for complimenting him, but Chazz is insistent of his dislike for the creature. His "Giant Rat" believes Chazz is talking about him, and appears hurt. As they cannot see Duel Spirits, his opponents simply see him talking to thin air. The first student begins his turn, activating " The A. Forces ", which gives each "Marauding Captain" a total of 2800  ATK , as it increases the ATK of each one by 200 points for each Warrior and  Spellcaster -Type monster on the field. The student destroys "Giant Rat" with one "Marauding Captain", and the others begin their attacks. However, "Giant Rat's" effect activates, letting Chazz Special Summon an  EARTH  monster with 1500 or less attack from his  Deck . He chooses " Gyaku-Gire Panda ", whose ATK increases by 500 for each monster on the opponent's field, giving it 4800 ATK. He then activates his face-down " Ring of Destruction ", destroying "Gyaku-Gire Panda" to inflict its ATK as damage to each player, while activating his face-down " Ring of Defense " to protect his own  LP . This leaves only Czar left to Duel. He states Chazz has no chance, as Czar now knows all of Chazz's cards and strategies, having witnessed Chazz Duel so many times.
 The Duel begins, and Czar plays two copies of " Fiend's Sanctuary ",  Special Summoning  two " Metal Fiend Tokens " in Attack Position, which he  Tributes  to Summon " Zoa ". Setting two cards, he ends his turn. Chazz  draws  "Ojama Yellow", much to disappointment, and plays it in Defense Position while Setting two cards of his own to end his turn. Czar activates his face-down " Metalmorph ", which he  equips  to "Zoa", before Tributing it to Special Summon " Metalzoa " from his Deck in Attack Position. He activates his other face-down - " Call of the Haunted ", which he uses to Special Summon "Zoa" back from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. Czar again states that he knows every card in Chazz's Deck, but Chazz thinks he still has one combo in his Deck that Czar has not seen, and that he'll have to risk everything on it. 
 "Zoa" attacks and destroys "Ojama Yellow", while "Metalzoa" attacks  directly . As he's taken 3000 or more  Battle damage  in a single attack, Chazz activates his face-down " Inferno Tempest ", which  removes  every monster in the Decks and Graveyards of both players from play. He begins his turn, playing "Chaos End", which destroys all monsters on the field since he has seven or more monsters removed from play. He than activates his face-down " Return from the Different Dimension ",  paying  half his LP to Special Summon as many of his removed monsters as possible. He Special Summons " Gemini Imps ", " Disc Fighter ", " Skull Knight #2 , "KA-2 Des Scissors" and "Ojama Yellow", who all attack directly, winning Chazz the Duel. 
 The masked man from earlier appears, and removes the mask, revealing himself as the man Chazz had met outside the gates, and as  Chancellor Foster , the principal of North Academy. As Chazz has defeated all of the school's students, he's earned the right to be North Academy's representative in the inter-school match against Duel Academy. Foster reveals that the academy's representative is Jaden Yuki. Chazz laughs knowing that Jaden wouldn't stand a chance in their rematch.
 
 Featured Duels 
 
 These Duels use  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Chazz Princeton vs. unknown North Academy Student 
 Duel already in progress. Chazz's opponent controls no cards and has 2000  LP  while Chazz controls " KA-2 Des Scissors " (1000/1000) in  Attack Position .
 Chazz's turn 
Chazz activates " Limiter Removal " which doubles the  ATK  of "KA-2 Des Scissors" until the End Phase ("KA-2 Des Scissors": 1000 → 2000 ATK). "KA-2 Des Scissors" attacks  directly  (Chazz's opponent: 2000 → 0 LP).
 
 Chazz Princeton vs. 4 North Academy Students 
 Turn 1-4: 4 North Academy Students 
Each take a separate turn, but each do the exact same thing: The students each  draw  " Marauding Captain " and subsequently  Normal Summon  it (1200/400) in  Attack Position . They then activate the effect of their Normal Summoned "Marauding Captain" to  Special Summon  another "Marauding Captain" (1200/400) in Attack Position. This results in eight "Marauding Captains" on Chazz's opponents' side of the field. Due to the first effect of each "Marauding Captain", Chazz is not allowed to attack any Warrior-type monster his opponent controls, besides "Marauding Captain", and since each student controls 2 "Marauding Captains", they each have an attack  lock .
 Turn 5: Chazz 
Chazz draws. He then  Sets  two cards and Normal Summons " Giant Rat " (1400/1450) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 6: Student 1 
Student 1 draws " The A. Force " and subsequently activates it, increasing the  ATK  of all the "Marauding Captains" by 200 for each  Warrior - Type  and  Spellcaster -Type monster on the field while "The A. Forces" is face-up. There are currently eight ("Marauding Captain": 1200 → 2800 ATK for all). One "Marauding Captain" attacks and destroys "Giant Rat". Since "Giant Rat" was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, its effect activates, allowing Chazz to Special Summon " Gyaku-Gire Panda " (800/1600) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Gyaku-Gire Panda", it gains 500 ATK for each monster Chazz's opponents control. There are currently eight ("Gyaku-Gire Panda": 800 → 4800 ATK). Chazz activates his face-down " Ring of Destruction " to destroy "Gyaku-Gire Panda" and inflict its ATK as damage to all players. Chazz then activates his face-down " Ring of Defense " to prevent himself from taking the damage inflicted by "Ring of Destruction". (Student 1, Student 2, Student 3, and Student 4: 4000 → 0 LP).
 
 Chazz Princeton vs. Czar 
 Turn 1: Czar 
Czar draws. He then  activates  two copies of " Fiend's Sanctuary " to  Special Summon  two " Metal Fiend Tokens " (0/0 for both) in  Attack Position . Czar then  Tributes  the two Tokens to  Tribute Summon  " Zoa " (2600/1900) in Attack Position. He then  Sets  two cards.
 Turn 2: Chazz 
Chazz draws " Ojama Yellow " and subsequently Normal Summons it (0/1000) in  Defense Position . He then Sets two cards.
 Turn 3: Czar 
Czar draws. He then activates his face-down " Metalmorph ",  equipping  it to "Zoa" and increasing its  ATK  and  DEF  by 300 ("Zoa": 2600 → 2900/1900 → 2200). Czar then Tributes "Zoa" to Special Summon " Metalzoa " (3000/2300) from his  Deck  in Attack Position. He then activates his face-down " Call of the Haunted " to revive "Zoa" (2600/1900) in Attack Position. "Zoa" attacks and destroys "Ojama Yellow". "Metalzoa" attacks  directly  (Chazz: 4000 → 1000 LP). Since Chazz took 3000 or more Battle Damage, he activates his face-down " Inferno Tempest " to  remove  all monsters in both players' Decks and Graveyards from play.
 Turn 4: Chazz 
Chazz draws " Chaos End " and subsequently activates it to destroy all monsters on the field (as seven or more of his monsters have been removed from play). Chazz then activates his face-down " Return from the Different Dimension " to  pay  half his  LP  (Chazz: 1000 → 500 LP) and Special Summon " Gemini Imps " (1000/1000), " Disc Fighter " (1000/1000), " Skull Knight #2 " (1000/1200), " KA-2 Des Scissors " (1000/1000) and "Ojama Yellow" (0/1000) from his  Removed from Play Zone , all in Attack Position. "Gemini Imps", "Disc Fighter", "Skull Knight #2" and "KA-2 Des Scissors" attack directly (Czar: 4000 → 3000 → 2000 → 1000 → 0 LP).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the Japanese version,  Ojama Yellow  refers to  Manjoume  as "aniki" or "big brother". In the dub, he refers to Chazz as "boss". 
 Upon finding the cards for his Deck, Manjoume claims to  Ichinose  that he had to battle polar bears, sharks and vampire bats to acquire them. This is in not present in the dub. 
 In the Japanese version, the highest ranked student at the North school is known as its "King", and the current King was  Yuri Edogawa , while the second, third, fourth and fifth ranked students call themselves the "Four Emperors". In the the English version, Edogawa's name is dropped, as his title is simply " Czar ", which means "King" or "monarch" in several different languages, while the other high-ranked students have no collective name. 
 In the Japanese version, Manjoume begins calling himself "Manjoume-san da", which can be translated as "It's the Manjoume", or "That's Manjoume-san (Sir Manjoume) to you" which is a play on  his insistence at being addressed formally . The North school students mistake this for "Majoume sanda" or "Manjoume Thunder", as the Japanese "sanda" has a very similiar pronunciation to the English word "thunder". The nickname ends up sticking, and is implemented into a chant. In the English version, Chazz sometimes refers to himself as "The Princeton" and later "The Chazz", while the chant is changed to "Chazz it up", a play on the term "jazz it up" and he also begins using "you go bye-bye" as way of indicating his victory, much like  Jaden  uses "that's game!" 
 Trivia 
 Jaden only appears in Chazz's imagnation in this episode.
 This is the first episode where  Duel Academy  is not shown at all.
 Attrition  appears in the episode in 6:03, but never been play.
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Chazz Princeton Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Effect Monsters 
 Disc Fighter 
 Gemini Imps 
 Giant Rat 
 Gyaku-Gire Panda 
 KA-2 Des Scissors 
 Skull Knight #2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos End 
 Inferno Tempest 
 Limiter Removal 
 Ring of Defense 
 Traps 
 Return from the Different Dimension 
 Ring of Destruction 
 
 Czar Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Zoa 
 Effect Monsters 
 Metalzoa Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fiend's Sanctuary  x2 
 Traps 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Metalmorph 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Marauding Captain  x8 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 The A. Forces 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Giant Rat 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e9/Series024.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120729144428', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes