Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Crashbug_Virus

      The Crashbug Virus.     
 The  Crashbug Virus , known as the  Bugman Virus  (バグマン ウィルスメ  Baguman Uirusu ) in the Japanese version, is a virus created by  Mr. Kay  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime.
 
 History 
 After being influenced by the power of " Number 34: Terror-Byte ", Mr. Kay created the virus, which was manifested on-screen similarly to his own " Crashbug " monsters.  The virus infected all electronic devices around  Heartland City  by infiltrating the host computer. It caused various malfunctions, such as traffic lights quickly changing colors, vending machines spitting out free drinks and  Litterbots  perceiving citizens as trash.  Kari Tsukumo  was unable to complete her work due to the virus and ordered her younger brother,  Yuma Tsukumo , to find out what was going on. According to Kari,  If the virus continued to infect systems, terrible things could happen, like hospital and bank networks going down. [1] 
 Kari discovered that the virus had been sent from  Heartland Academy  and sends Yuma and his friend  Tori Meadows  to the school's library, knowing the culprit would have to go there to access their own personal computer. They believed that  Caswell  was the culprit after his monitor filled up with Crashbug images, but he revealed he was trying to find the culprit as well. In the process, he accidentally launched another round of the virus, which will fully infect the city in thirty minutes. Using his own hacking skills, he found the location of the original hacker. They find Mr. Kay there, and seeing Kay possessed by a " Number ", Yuma and  Astral  ask to Duel him. He agrees, adding that he will disable the virus if he loses. At the same time, Kari attempts to hack in and stop the bomb herself, having to go through a virtual maze to do so. [1] 
 
       Kari 's avatar attempts to stop the virus bomb.     
 Meanwhile, Kari makes it through the maze, where she finds that she must defeat a Crashbug avatar with her own to stop the bomb. Kari defeats the on-line virus, while Yuma defeats Mr. Kay. Despite this, the virus bomb is not stopped. When it goes off, nothing appears to happen. Mr. Kay tells them to look at the sky while wearing their  Duel Gazers . They see a giant, virtual " Crashbug ". Kay explains that he needed to launch the virus bomb in order to turn on and off lights in certain buildings, enabling the whole city to see the "Crashbug" image. Mr. Kay had done all this in the hopes that doing so would cause what is written in the lore of "Crashbug" to be made true - "An electrical fairy that lives off of the other bugs. It becomes extremely powerful because it lives off its bug friends. It's said that those who witness its full moon-like appearance may forever live in happiness". [2] 
 When Yuma and the  Number Club  need to find the  hideout  of  Kite Tenjo , Caswell goes to Mr. Kay for help. He asks him to use the Crashbug Virus to pinpoint the hideout's location. Kay doesn't wish to help, but Caswell blackmails him, saying he'll tell everyone it was him that originally launched the virus if he doesn't help them. Kay complies and successfully finds the hideout, using the virus to crash the hideout's computers systems. [3] [4] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 4: " In The End, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 23: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 24: " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 2 " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Bugman_Appears.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110506234137', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/The_fight_for_the_virus_bomb.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110515095948']
Categories: Items