Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mai_Valentine_and_Rex_Raptor%27s_Duel


 
 Mai Valentine and Rex Raptor's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Mai Valentine and Rex Raptor's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Mai Valentine Rex Raptor 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Mai Valentine 
 
 
 Event 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Mai and Rex's Duel  was a game of  Duel Monsters  between  Mai Valentine  and  Rex Raptor  on  the boat ride  to  Duelist Kingdom . It is based on  a Duel  from the  manga .
 
 Events 
 Mai was unhappy that contestants of the Duelist Kingdom had to sleep on the floor in a common area on the ship. She noticed  Rex Raptor  had been given a room because he was a finalist in the  Japanese National Duel Monsters Championship  and came up with a plan to use him to get a room. Rex allowed Mai to use his room. Mai acted all happy and flirtatious to him and went along.
 Inside Rex's room, Mai said that she likes men who were stronger than her and challenged him to a Duel. Mai said that if Rex won, she would do whatever he wanted all night long. (In the English anime, she said that she would give him a kiss.) And if Mai won, she would get the room all to herself.
 Mai got Rex to shuffle her cards and then she asked him to look through them as she named each card from top down without looking. Using her  Aroma Tactics , she correctly named the cards, " Shadow of Eyes ", " Harpie Lady ", " Elegant Egotist ", and " Cyber Shield ". Rex thought it was impossible, but Mai claimed to always know her cards and be able to draw whatever she wanted. Rex still accepted the Duel and was defeated. Afterwards Mai kicked him out of the room.
 When they got to  the island , Rex was still angry over his loss to Mai and tried challenging her to another Duel. She was not interested in facing him again, but decided to let him Duel her if he could first defeat  Joey Wheeler .
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 3: " Journey to the Duelist Kingdom " 
 
 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/22/DMx003_Mai_VS_Rex.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120220124402']
Categories: Duels