Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Signer_Carly_Carmine


 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Tragic Destiny Destiny Warped 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Veronica Taylor 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Aki Kanada 
 
 
 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Carly Carmine , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 She was originally exclusive to the  special event   Destiny Decided! Dark Signer Carly Carmine , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event. However, as of February 20, 2020, she is now unlockable via Character Unlock missions.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 
 5.1   Main release 
 
 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Before she was a  Dark Signer , Carly was a newspaper reporter who wanted to get the exclusive on  Jack Atlas . Though Jack first thought of her as an annoyance, Carly eventually became an important part of his life. Carly tried to help Jack by uncovering the Arcadia Movement's secrets, but she was led astray, turning her into the Dark Signer with the Mark of the Hummingbird. With her Fortune Ladies and " Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu ", she challenged Jack to a Duel of Destiny.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Dark Signer Carly Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Akakieisu  x3 
 Fairywitch  x3 
 Tao the Chanter  x2 
 Phantom Dewan  x3 
 Sectarian of Secrets  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu  (glossy) Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Yami 
 Abyssal Designator  x2 
 Sparks  x2 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Dark Visions Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fairywitch  x3 
 Phantom Dewan  x3 
 Sectarian of Secrets  x3 
 Tao the Chanter  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fortune Lady Light  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Arcane Barrier  x2 
 Fortune's Future 
 Time Passage 
 Traps 
 Enlightenment 
 Inherited Fortune 
 Level 20 
 
 Destiny's Sorceress Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fairywitch  x3 
 Magical Ghost  x2 
 Tao the Chanter  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Crystal Seer  x2 
 Emissary of the Oasis 
 Fortune Lady Light  x3 
 Fortune Lady Water 
 Fortune Lady Wind Spells  (1) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Time Passage 
 Traps 
 Inherited Fortune 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Tragic Destiny Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Fortune Lady Dark  x3 
 Fortune Lady Light  x3 
 Fortune Lady Water  x3 
 Fortune Lady Wind  x2 
 Solitaire Magician Spells  (3) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Fortune's Future  x2 
 Time Passage 
 Traps 
 Enlightenment 
 Inherited Fortune  x2 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter  x2 
 Slip of Fortune 
 Level 40 
 
 Destiny Warped Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate  x2 
 Fortune Lady Dark 
 Fortune Lady Earth 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 Fortune Lady Light  x3 
 Fortune Lady Water  x2 
 Fortune Lady Wind 
 Solitaire Magician  x2 Spells  (1) &  Traps  (6) 
 Spells 
 Future Visions 
 Traps 
 Bending Destiny 
 Inherited Fortune  x2 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter  x2 
 Slip of Fortune 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Carly Carmine, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Fortune Lady Light "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Fortune Lady Earth "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Fortune Lady Wind "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Altar of the Bound Deity "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Earthbound Wave "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Time Passage "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Inherited Fortune "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Fortune Lady Rewind "
 
 
 N 
 
 " LaMoon "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Eldeen "
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Carly Carmine reach a certain Level.
 
 Main release 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Lady Water "
 
 
 4
 
 Fortune Booster (Skill)
 
 
 5
 
 Deck Slot (Dark Signer Carly Carmine)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck Slot (Dark Signer Carly Carmine)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Enlightenment "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Lady Water "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Seal of the Immortal (Skill)
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Enlightenment "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Slip of Fortune "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Time Passage (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Lady Water "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Enlightenment "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck Slot (Dark Signer Carly Carmine)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Slip of Fortune "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Bending Destiny "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Fortune Vision "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Fortune Booster
 
 At the beginning of your turn, increase the level of all " Fortune Lady " monsters you control by 1.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Seal of the Immortal
 
 Until the end of your opponent's next turn, " Earthbound Immortal " monsters cannot be destroyed by their own effect. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Time Passage
 
 Increase the Level of 1 " Fortune Lady " monster you control by 3 until the End Phase. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Fortune Overclock
 
 Select 1 " Fortune Lady " monster you control; that monster's level becomes equal to the current turn count (max. 12). At the end of the turn, the monster's level becomes equal to its original level. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fortune Telling
 
 Select 1 " Fortune Lady " monster you control and excavate the top card of your Deck. If the excavated card is a monster, the selected " Fortune Lady " monster's level increases by the level of the excavated monster. Then, return the excavated card to the top of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Future Fortune
 
 As long as you control 2 or more " Fortune Lady " monsters, you can view the top card of both players' Decks.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Future Visions
 
 Can be used after your Life Points decrease by 1500. Play 1 " Future Visions " from outside your Deck. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Main Deck that has 5 or more "Fortune Lady" monsters with different names. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Immortal Charity
 
 Can be used if you control an " Earthbound Immortal " monster. Set 1 " Earthbound Whirlwind ", " Earthbound Wave ", or " Roar of the Earthbound " from outside your deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Immortal Offerings
 
 Reveal 1 to 3 " Earthbound Immortal " monsters in your hand, then play an equal number of " Ceremonial Token " in Defense Position. During the turn you use this skill, you cannot Normal or Special Summon any monsters, except " Earthbound Immortal " monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Power of Dark
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Yami " activated.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jack Atlas 
 When she starts a Duel with  Jack Atlas , Carly announces "I'm so pleased you're challenging me, Jackie." followed by "Prove that you can lead the new world as the Dark King!"
 When she wins the Duel, Carly says "I used to chase after you, hanging on your every word." followed by "But now, you're the desperate one. Hahaha!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Carly says "Jack... Free me from the Dark Signers' control..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Carly Summons " Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu ", a cut-in frame of Carly briefly appears, and she announces "After 5000 years, the door to the Netherworld opens again!" followed by "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu arrives to feed on you!". If that player hasn't already summoned "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "I see your future! And it is not a good one!" followed by "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu! Attack!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Lady Every ", she chants  "Dark Synchro!"  Afterwards a cut-in frame of Carly briefly appears, and she announces "Fortune Lady Every! Join the fight!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Every! Attack!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Every's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Lady Dark ", a cut-in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, and she announces "Join Me, Fortune Lady Dark!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go, Fortune Lady Dark!" followed by "Dark Fate!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Dark's effect activates!" 
 When Carly summons " Fortune Lady Earth ", a cut in frame of Carly's face briefly appears, and she announces "Fortune Lady Earth! Let's go!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Fortune Lady Earth!" followed by "Cursed Thorn!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Earth's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate ", she announces "Here's Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate!"
 Most of the time when Carly attacks with that monster, she announces "Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate! Attack!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activates Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate's effect!" 
 When Carly Summons " Earthbound Linewalker ", she announces "Come out, Earthbound Linewalker!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack! Earthbound Linewalker!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Lady Light ", she announces "Here comes Fortune Lady Light!"
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Light's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Lady Past ", she announces "Take to the field! Fortune Lady Past!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Go, Fortune Lady Past! Attack!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Past's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Lady Water ", she announces "Appear! Fortune Lady Water!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Water attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Water's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Lady Wind ", she announces "Come on out, Fortune Lady Wind!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Wind! Attack!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Wind's effect activates!" 
 When Carly Summons " Solitaire Magician ", she announces "Here comes Solitaire Magician!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Solitaire Magician attacks!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Solitaire Magician's effect!" 
 When Carly Summons " Fortune Lady Fire ", she announces "Here's Fortune Lady Fire!"
 Most of the time when Carly declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Fire attack!" 
 When Carly activates the effect of that monster, she announces "Fortune Lady Fire's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Carly activates " Altar of the Bound Deity ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Altar of the Bound Deity!" 
 When Carly activates " Bending Destiny ", she announces "No matter how hard you try, you cannot avoid your fate!" followed by "I activate my Counter Trap, Bending Destiny!" 
 When Carly activates " Contaminated Earth ", she announces "I activate my Trap! Contaminated Earth!" 
 When Carly activates " Earthbound Immortal Revival ", she announces "I discard a card to activate the Spell Card, Earthbound Revival!" 
 When Carly activates " Earthbound Wave ", she announces "That won't work. I play my Counter-Trap! Earthbound Wave!" 
 When Carly activates " Earthbound Whirlwind ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card! Earthbound Revival!" 
 When Carly activates " Enlightenment ", she announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Enlightenment!" followed by "Jack, let's enjoy our future together." 
 When Carly activates " Fortune's Future ", she announces "I activate the Spell Card! Fortune's Future!" 
 When Carly activates " Fortune Lady Calling ", she announces "I activate Fortune Lady Calling!" 
 When Carly activates " Fortune Lady Rewind ", she announces "I activate Fortune Lady Rewind!" 
 When Carly activates " Fortune Vision ", she announces "I activate Fortune Vision!" 
 When Carly activates " Future Visions ", she announces "I activate the Field Spell, Future Visions!" followed by "Allow me to predict your future!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Carly announces "My Field Spell Future Visions' effect activates!" followed by "The summoned monster is sent away to the next turn!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Carly announces "Due to Future Vision's effect, the monster returns!" 
 When Carly activates " Inherited Fortune ", she announces "I activate my Trap! Inherited Fortune!" 
 When Carly activates " Offering to the Immortals ", she announces "I activate the Trap Card! Offerings to the Immortals!" 
 When Carly activates " Ominous Fortunetelling ", she announces "I'll predict your fate, and you'll won't like it." followed by "I activate the Continuous Trap Card! Ominous Fortunetelling!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Carly announces "My inner eye sees all." followed by "Ominous Fortunetelling activates!" 
 When Carly activates " Passion of Baimasse ", she announces "My Counter Trap activates! Passion of Baimasse!" 
 When Carly activates " Roar of the Earthbound ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Roar of the Earthbound!" 
 When Carly activates " Slip of Fortune ", she announces "I activate my Trap! Slip of Fortune!" followed by "I banish the target to negate your monster's attack!" 
 When Carly activates " Time Passage ", she announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Time Passage!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Carly activates " Revival of the Immortals ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card! Revival of the Immortals!" 
 Trivia 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski , or  Luna , Carly announces "It's destiny for the Dark Signers to crush the Signers!" 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine's character-specific dialogue with Jack Atlas was based off their duel in the Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's two-part episode "Shadows of Doubt", where they had similar dialogue in that episode. 
 Lumis and Umbra ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud ,  Jesse Anderson , Yusei Fudo,  Jack Atlas , Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski,  Leo , Luna,  Tetsu Trudge ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , Dark Signer Carly Carmine,  Kalin Kessler , and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 The Legendary Duelists who have the longest dialogue for the specific cards that feature a cut-in frame of the said character(s) are:
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Marik  -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Odion  -  Mystical Beast of Serket , The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 The Paradox Brothers  -  Gate Guardian 
 Yubel  -  Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Sartorius Kumar  -  Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler ,  Arcana Force XXI - The World 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine -  Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field, even if they don't have the Field Spell in question:
 Yami Yugi ,  Arkana , Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine,  Rex Goodwin  - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Tristan Taylor (DM)  - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor ,  Tyranno Hassleberry  - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton  - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki ,  Jaden/Yubel  - Neo Space! 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Rex Raptor,  Bandit Keith , and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) , The Paradox Brothers,  Espa Roba , and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Bakura  and Yami Marik 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix , Chazz Princeton,  Syrus Truesdale , Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , and Kalin Kessler 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba,  Aigami , Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Carly Carmine  (Carly Nagisa) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Dark Signer 
 Duel Terminal 
 World Championship 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Transer 
 Millennium Duels 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/DarkSignerCarlyCarmine-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190829030240', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/Profile-DULI-DarkSignerCarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828112118', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a0/Icon-DULI-DarkSignerCarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524134428', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b6/Icon-DULI-DarkSignerCarlyCarmine2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524133447', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/CutIn-DULI-DarkSignerCarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190828111957', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/30/Summoning-DULI-DarkSignerCarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190828112233', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/Defeat-DULI-DarkSignerCarlyCarmine.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190828111539', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Carly Carmine pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters