Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mokuba_Kaiba_(DSOD_Duel_Links)


 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 海馬モクバ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Seto Kaiba  (brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Mokuba Deck The White Dragon of Thunder Twin-Headed Thunder Hundred Thunders 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Tara Sands 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Junko Takeuchi 
 
 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Mokuba Kaiba , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  flim.
 He appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 5 of Duel World (DSOD) and can be unlocked as a playable character starting at Stage 6.
 Blue keys are required to duel Mokuba at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 10   Notes 
 
 
 Description 
 Seto Kaiba's younger brother is also the Vice President of KaibaCorp. Since Seto is too busy with his own project, Mokuba manages the day-to-day affairs of running the company. As Mokuba grows both physically and emotionally, he helps his brother develop Duel Links so that he can achieve his ultimate goal.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Mokuba (DSOD) Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (glossy) (DSOD artwork) 
 Tri-Horned Dragon 
 Rude Kaiser 
 D. Human  x3 
 Lesser Dragon  x3 
 Lizard Soldier  x3 
 Dragon Statue  x3 
 Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head  x3 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x2 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Dragon and Thunder Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Anthrosaurus  x3 
 Krokodilus  x3 
 Lizard Soldier  x3 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x2 
 Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Thunder Dragon  x2 Spells  (1) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Twister 
 Traps 
 D. Tribe  x2 
 Dragon's Rage 
 Level 20 
 
 The White Dragon of Thunder Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 D. Human  x3 
 Lesser Dragon  x3 
 Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Thunder Dragon  x2 
 Thunder Dragondark  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Card Advance  x2 
 Twister 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier  x2 
 D. Tribe 
 Dragon's Rage 
 Level 30 
 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Divine Dragon Ragnarok  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Thunder Dragon  x3 
 Thunder Dragonhawk  x2 
 Thunder Dragonroar 
 Thunder Sea Horse  x3 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Cost Down  x2 
 Mountain  x2 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Thunder Dragon Discharge  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Hundred Thunders Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alexandrite Dragon  x2 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Aloof Lupine  x2 
 Dragunity Tribus 
 Kidmodo Dragon  x2 
 Thunder Dragondark  x2 
 Thunder Dragonhawk  x2 
 Thunder Dragonmatrix  x2 
 Thunder Dragonroar  x2 Spells  (1) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Wattcube 
 Traps 
 Thunder Dragons' Hundred Thunders  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Neo KC Deck Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (DSOD) 
 Divine Dragon Ragnarok  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Kidmodo Dragon 
 Thunder Dragon  x3 
 Thunder Dragondark  x2 
 Thunder Dragonhawk 
 Thunder Dragonmatrix 
 Thunder Dragonroar Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Twin-Headed Thunder Dragon  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Card Advance 
 Cost Down 
 Fusion Recycling Plant 
 Mountain 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Thunder Dragon Discharge 
 Thunder Dragons' Hundred Thunders 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Gyakutenno Megami "
 
 
 4
 
 See You Later! ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Mokuba Kaiba)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Magma Dragon "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Mokuba Kaiba)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Gyakutenno Megami "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Thunder Dragonroar "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Gyakutenno Megami "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Ruins of the Divine Dragon Lords "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Thunder Dragonroar "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Decoy Tactics ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Magma Dragon "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Thunder Dragonroar "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Magma Dragon "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Mokuba Kaiba)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Thunder Dragons' Hundred Thunders 
 
 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Mokuba (DSOD), these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Thunder Dragondark "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Divine Dragon Apocralyph "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Kidmodo Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Thunder Dragonmatrix "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Thunder Dragon Discharge "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Lava Dragon "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Dragon Manipulator "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Dragon's Rage "
 
 
 N 
 
 " The Dragon's Bead "
 
 
 N 
 
 " D. Tribe "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 See You Later!
 
 Select 1 monster you control and who you are the original owner of. Return the selected monster to the hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Decoy Tactics
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1500. Play 1 " Decoy Dragon " from outside of your Deck in Defense Position. You cannot Special Summon any monsters other during the turn you activate this Skill. [Notes 1]  This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 5 or more Dragon-Type monsters with different names. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Dragonic Rebirth
 
 Can be used on turn 4 and onward. Add a Dragon-Type monster with the same level as the number of turns that have passed from your Graveyard to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Dragonic Reincarnation
 
 Send 1 Level 7 or higher Dragon-Type monster from your hand to your Graveyard. Then, add 1 Level 4 LIGHT Dragon-Type monster to your hand from your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Gem Dragon Go!
 
 If your Deck contains 3 or more monsters listed below, you will have improved chances of having a Normal Monster in your starting hand. ●  Hyozanryu ●  Luster Dragon #2 ●  Luster Dragon ●  Alexandrite Dragon 
 
 Drop
 
 
 You're Powerless!
 
 Select 1 Spell/Trap Card your opponent controls that targets a monster you control. Negate the selected card until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Defense Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gain the current turn count x100 DEF until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WIND
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WIND-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increase starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When Mokuba wins a Duel against  Yami Yugi , he says "You thought you could run from Seto without one last Duel?" 
 When Mokuba loses a Duel against Yami Yugi, he says "Argh... I hate that you're so good!" 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba (DM) , Mokuba announces "Okay... Here I go, Seto!"
 When he wins the Duel, Mokuba  says "How's that, big Bro? Pretty good, right?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Mokuba says "You really are the best, Seto!" 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Mokuba announces "Systems check... All green!" followed by "Let's do this, Seto!"
 When he wins the Duel, Mokuba says "Are you okay, Seto?" followed by "Maybe there's still a bug in the system..." 
 When he loses the Duel, Mokuba says "Incredible as always, Seto!" followed by "Your system is working perfectly!" 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Mokuba announces "I need you to help me with my plans." followed by "So let's Duel, Yugi!"
 When he wins the Duel, Mokuba says "Wow... You really are tough to beat, Yugi." 
 When he loses the Duel, Mokuba says "Sorry, Yugi! But I'm not the same ol' kid anymore!" 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 When Mokuba wins a Duel against  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , he says "Maybe you should go back to Dueling against preschoolers." 
 Sera 
 When starting a Duel with  Sera , Mokuba announces "If you mess with Seto, I'll mess with you!"
 When he wins the Duel, Mokuba says "Your weird powers don't work on us!" 
 Aigami 
 When starting a Duel with  Aigami , Mokuba announces "Hey, Aigami." followed by "I won't let you interfere with my brother's plans!" or (in a Dimension Duel) "W-What is this?" 
 Prana 
 When starting a Duel with  Prana , Mokuba announces "So you're the ones trying to wreck Duel Links!"
 When he wins the Duel, Mokuba says "Stop interfering with our business!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Mokuba says "I-It's like you changed reality!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Mokuba Summons " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ", he chants  "Three of the strongest dragons fuse together!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Mokuba briefly appears, and he announces "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon!" followed by "Neutron Blast attack!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " , a cut-in frame of Mokuba appears, and he makes an announcement about the card. If that player hasn't already Summoned "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (or it's  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes White Dragon! Attack!" followed by "White Lightning!" 
 The announcement before the animation cutscene can be either of the following:
 "Here comes the mightiest dragon!" followed by "Blue-Eyes White Dragon!" 
 "Help me like you help my big bro!" followed by "Blue-Eyes White Dragon!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon, attack!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Dragon Spirit of White ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Dragon Spirit of White!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dragon Spirit of White attacks!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dragon Spirit of White's effect activates!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Hyozanryu ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Check out Hyozanryu!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Hyozanryu!" followed by "Diamond Devastator!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Kaibaman ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Everybody loves this guy! Kaibaman!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Kaibaman!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Kaibaman's effect brings out Blue-Eyes!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Luster Dragon #2 ", a cut-in frame of Mokuba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Luster Dragon #2!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Luster Dragon #2!" followed by "Emerald Flame Attack!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Alexandrite Dragon ", he announces "Fly, Alexandrite Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em, Alexandrite Dragon!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Blue Dragon Summoner ", he announces "Blue Dragon Summoner!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Blue Dragon Summoner!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blue Dragon Summoner's effect activates!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Decoy Dragon ", he announces "Decoy Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Decoy Dragon, attack!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ha! Gotcha!" followed by "Decoy Dragon fooled ya!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Dragonic Guard ", he announces "I believe in you Dragonic Guard."
 When Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dragonic Guard, attack!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dragonic Guard's effect activates!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Keeper of the Shrine ", he announces "Just what I need. Keeper of the Shrine!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Keeper of the Shrine!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Keeper of the Shrine's effect activates!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Kidmodo Dragon ", he announces "Come on out, Kidmodo Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kidmodo Dragon attacks!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Kidmodo Dragon uses its effect!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Lady of D. ", he announces "Lady of D.!" (spoken as "Lady of Dragons")
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lady of D.! Attack!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Lord of D. ", he announces "Lord of D.!" (spoken as "Lord of Dragons")
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Lord of D. attacks!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Luster Dragon ", he announces "Come out, Luster Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Luster Dragon! Attack!" followed by "Breath of Fire!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Poki Draco ", he announces "Here's Poki Draco!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Poki Draco attacks!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Go, Poki Draco's effect!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Totem Dragon ", he announce "Here comes Totem Dragon!
 Most Of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Totem Dragon attacks!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Totem Dragon uses it's effect form the Graveyard!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " The King of D. ", he announces "The King of D.!" (spoken as "The King of Dragons")
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The King of D.! Rock 'em!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "The King of D.'s effect activates!" 
 When Mokuba Summons " Vanguard of the Dragon ", he announces "Come on Vanguard of the Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Mokuba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Vanguard of the Dragon!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Vanguard of the Dragon's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Mokuba activates " Bingo Machine, Go!!! ", he announces "This card'll do! Bingo Machine, Go!!!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Burst Stream of Destruction ", he announces "Blue-Eyes! Show 'em your power!" followed by "Burst Stream of Destruction!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Draconnection ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Draconnection!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Dragon Revival Rhapsody ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Dragon Revival Rhapsody!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Dragon's Rebirth ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Dragon's Rebirth!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Polymerization ", he announces "The Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Mokuba activates " Silver's Cry ", he announces "Here's my Quick-Play Spell! Silver's Cry!" 
 When Mokuba activates " The Flute of Summoning Dragon ", he announces "I'll call a Dragon with this! The Flute of Summoning Dragon!" 
 When Mokuba activates " The Melody of Awakening Dragon ", he announces "I activate my Spell, The Melody of Awakening Dragon!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Mokuba activates " Dragon Shrine ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Dragon Shrine!" 
 When Mokuba activates the effect of " Return of the Dragon Lords ", he announces "I'll resurrect a dragon using Return of the Dragon Lords!" 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Dark Side of Dimensions  (DSOD) counterpart of  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) . 
 In the game files, Mokuba had voice lines for " Labradorite Dragon ", but as December 2020, the said dialogue was removed for unknown reasons. 
 Mokuba has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Yami Yugi ,  Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Téa Gardner (DM) ,  Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Tristan Taylor (DM) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , and  Téa Gardner (DSOD .
 Starting the Duel: "If you still think I'm just a kid, that's not smart!" 
 Winning: "It's about time you stopped treating me like a kid."
 Mokuba still possesses the aforementioned dialogue for the said Legendary Duelists, even though he already has character-specific dialogue for Yami Yugi and Joey Wheeler (DSOD). 
 When Mokuba loses a Duel against  Aigami  or  Sera , he says "W-What's with these powers?!". 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Aigami,  Yusei Fudo ,  Tetsu Trudge , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who have Summoning chants for Monster cards that aren't  Synchro  or  Xyz . 
 Yami Yugi,  Seto Kaiba (DM) , Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD),  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Jaden Yuki ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Yubel ,  Jaden/Yubel , and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD),  Scud ,  Jesse Anderson , Yusei Fudo,  Jack Atlas ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo ,  Luna , Tetsu Trudge,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine ,  Kalin Kessler , and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Mai Valentine , and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Bandit Keith ,  Rex Raptor , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM),  The Paradox Brothers ,  Espa Roba , and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and  Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar  and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale ,  Aster Phoenix , Chazz Princeton,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Tyranno Hassleberry , and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone  and  Tori Meadows 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Yami Marik, Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate voice lines for specific Monster Cards:
 Mai Valentine -  Cyber Harpie Lady 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon,  Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Axel Brodie -  Maiden of the Aqua ,  Volcanic Doomfire 
 Carly Carmine -  Fortune Fairy Ann ,  Fortune Fairy Chee ,  Fortune Fairy En ,  Fortune Fairy Hikari ,  Fortune Fairy Hu ,  Fortune Fairy Swee 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This is a likely typographical mistake of "You can cannot Special Summon any other monsters during the turn you activate this Skill." (Game accessed on September 26th, 2019) 
 
 
 v e 
 Mokuba Kaiba  pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/MokubaKaibaDSOD-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/228?cb=20190929175428', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7c/Profile-DULI-MokubaKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20190927145425', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/25/Icon-DULI-MokubaKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524135017', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fa/Icon-DULI-MokubaKaibaDSOD2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524134753', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fa/CutIn-DULI-MokubaKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927152043', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/Summoning-DULI-MokubaKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927153102', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Defeat-DULI-MokubaKaibaDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190927143431', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Mokuba Kaiba pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters