Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Priest_Seto


 
 Seto 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Seto 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 セト 
 
 
 Filipino name  
 Ministro Seto 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Aknadin  (father; deceased; sent to the  Shadow Realm  in the dub) Mother Aknamkanon  (paternal uncle; deceased) Atem  (first cousin) 
 
 
 
 
 Royal title 
 Pharaoh of Egypt 
 
 
 Reign 
 circa. 1000 B.C. 
 
 
 Predecessor 
 Pharaoh Atem 
 
 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Priest 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Sacred Guardians 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 52: " The Past is Present " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eric Stuart 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kenjiro Tsuda 
 
 
 German voice 
 Gerrit Schmidt-Foß 
 
 
 Portuguese voice 
 Mauro Eduardo Lima  (Brazil) 
 
 
 Tagalog voice 
 Michael Punzalan 
 
 
 
 Seto  was one of the six  Sacred Guardians  who served under  Pharaoh Atem . The wielder of the  Millennium Rod , he was the son of  Priest Akhenaden  and first cousin of  Pharaoh Atem , later succeeding him as Pharaoh.  Seto Kaiba  is his modern reincarnation. Seto is named after the Egyptian God  Set . In the Philippine Dub, it changes into Ministro Seto due to his role change from a "Priest" to "Minister."
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Personality 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Ancient Egypt 
 
 2.1.1   Childhood 
 2.1.2   Priesthood 
 
 
 2.2   Battle City 
 2.3   Dark RPG 
 
 
 3   Abilities 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Deck/Ka 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 
 
 Personality 
 Unlike his reincarnation, Seto Kaiba, Priest Seto was more open-minded and willing to work with others. Despite this, he was shown to be quite cruel, once considering ordering the guards to draw and quarter a prisoner, even though he had just had his evil spirit exorcised from him and would not be likely to perform any more crimes without it. However, when advised to exercise restraint for such prisoners, he agreed. Seto also had a high degree of intelligence, which carried over to his  modern reincarnation . Another trait carried to his later reincarnation was his ruthlessness and belief in power, as he suggested brutal torture and death sentences for criminals and would sacrifice comrades in order to achieve what he perceived to be "the greater good."
 
 Biography 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Childhood 
 Although technically  Prince Atem's  cousin by blood, Seto was raised as a commoner; his identity as  Priest Akhenaden's  son (who was the brother of Atem's deceased father, Pharaoh  Akhenamkenan ) was hidden from him out of fear for his personal safety. Due to this, Seto grew up an orphan, and initially believed his father to have been a soldier who died in battle.
 At one point, he saved  a girl  from slave traders. When the traders set fire to his village and killed his  mother  in retaliation, the girl, named Kisara, unknowingly repaid him by unconsciously releasing her  inner spirit ,  the White Dragon , who killed the traders and saved Seto.
 
 Priesthood 
 Priest Seto and Pharaoh  Atem  were friends and rivals who helped each other by testing their mystical skills. He was eventually able to become a part of the Pharaoh's court and own the  Millennium Rod , not because of his lineage, but because of his test scores, which were the highest the court had ever seen.
 When  Bakura  appeared at the royal court with his powerful  Ka   Diabound ,  Seto and the other Priests tried to fight him off, but with no success. Eventually, Atem was able to summon  Obelisk the Tormentor , which forced Bakura to retreat. Seto then decided that Bakura needed to be stopped and began a search for Ka powerful enough to defeat Diabound. People could be tortured into revealing their Ka, so, without the Pharaoh's knowledge, he decided to try rounding up and torturing criminals. This plan, he believed, would accomplish two things: both finding a Ka that could destroy Diabound and reducing the number of criminals that incite anarchy in the Pharaoh's kingdom.
 
           Priest Seto and  Kisara .     
 During his search, he reencountered  Kisara , now a grown woman, who was being stoned because of her unorthodox appearance (snow white hair, pale tan skin, and deep blue eyes).  Shada  sensed a great power within her ("even surpassing that of the gods") and Seto took her back with him to the palace. There he remembered the first time they met.
 Akhenaden, after being possessed by  Zorc , later attempted to test Kisara's immeasurable power by forcing her to fight in a battle against two other prisoners. Seto stepped in and saved her, but the two fell into danger, which caused Kisara to release her Ka and save them both.
 Later on, the Sacred Guardians and Atem went to  Kul Elna  to battle and defeat Bakura once and for all. Diabound was eventually destroyed by  Mahad , who became the  Dark Magician , but Akhenaden was eventually able to summon  Zorc Necrophades . Zorc then transformed the former priest into the Great Shadow Magus, revealing that Akhenaden was Seto's father in the process, and his lifelong desire was to make Seto rise to the throne. Akhenaden then kidnapped Seto and took him to the Palace. He then instructed his son to extract the White Dragon from Kisara, and possess a power greater than the three Gods. Before Seto could decide against this, Kisara ran to save him. Enraged, Akhenaden questioned how his son could abandon the chance to rule over Egypt. Seto answered that there would be no benefit from a world ruled by Zorc, and that Kisara showed Seto a light, a light known as love. [1]  At this point, Akhenaden fired off a beam of dark energy, and Kisara dies taking the blow meant for Seto.
 After Kisara's death, Seto shed tears in front of the "Blue-Eyes" tablet as he held Kisara's dead body in his arms. (Notably, this is the "vision" Kaiba witnessed during his Duel with  Ishizu Ishtar  in the  Battle City  arc, as well as during his later Duel with  Yami Bakura .) Seto ended up revolting against Atem, while at the same time denying allegiance to Zorc. He challenged Atem and his servants in the palace. Flashes of this duel were shown to Kaiba by Ishuzu and later witnessed by both Kaiba and Yugi during their duel in battle city. 
 Subsequently, Seto fought bravely by Atem's side in the battle against  Zorc Necrophades , using the White Dragon. After Atem sealed himself and Zorc within the  Millennium Puzzle , Seto succeeded him as Pharaoh. Seto then constructed the  Tablet of Lost Memories , as a tribute to Atem. Sometime later in his reign, Seto presumably ordered all traces of Atem's name to be destroyed so as to prevent anyone from using it to resurrect Zorc, as Atem used his name as the key to free and seal Zorc away.
 
 Battle City 
 In the late twentieth century,  Ishizu Ishtar  exhibited the tablet, depicting Seto and Atem's battle, at the  Domino City Museum . Before convincing  Seto Kaiba  to host the  Battle City   Duel Monsters  tournament, she showed him the tablet and noted similarities between his and Priest Seto's use of the White Dragon. However, Kaiba was skeptical of its authenticity. Ishizu then showed Kaiba the battle between Atem and Seto. When  Yami Yugi  saw the tablet, he was immediately convinced the tablet depicted himself and Kaiba.
 During Kaiba's quarter-final Duel against Ishizu, Kaiba saw a vision of Priest Seto holding Kisara before the White Dragon tablet, after her death. This prompted Kaiba to use the White Dragon's card, " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ," to win the Duel. This interference disrupted Ishizu's prediction of Kaiba losing using " Obelisk the Tormentor ."
 During Kaiba's semi-final Duel against Yami Yugi, the destruction of their  Egyptian God  cards triggered another vision, in which they saw the battle between Seto, possessed by Akhenaden, and Atem. The vision ended during the summoning of the White Dragon and Dark Magician. Kaiba and Yami Yugi then Summoned the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and " Dark Magician " cards. Yami Yugi believed they were fated to continue the battle, while Kaiba believed the vision to have been an illusion created by subliminal suggestion.
 
 Dark RPG 
 During the  Dark RPG  in the twentieth century, Seto was a character on  Yami Yugi's  side. Events concerning Seto were largely the same in the RPG as the past.
 Major differences included:
 
 When Diabound was defeated, Akhenaden arrives, and Yami Bakura, with his  Hourglass Token , freezes time, allowing Aknadin to take the remaining  Millennium Items  and summon Zorc. Aknadin then proceeded to attack the Priests and Atem, but  Hasan  arrived and deflected the attack to the Hourglass, allowing time to move again. 
 Atem did not shatter the Millennium Pendant to defeat Zorc. With it still intact, he was able to give it to Seto, as he requested that Seto take over as Pharaoh. As Atem had no memories beyond that point, his body began to disappear, as he exited the Memory World. 
 Abilities 
 As one of the  Sacred Guardians , Seto was the wielder of the  Millennium Rod , which granted him access to a various number of abilities, including, but not limited to, initiating  Shadow Games  and summoning spirit monsters known as  Ka  (as well as being able to extract another person's  Ka  and seal them away). Others include being able to cast illusions on an opponent as well as taking control of someone else's mind, allowing the owner to do with them as they see fit. 
 
 Other appearances 
 Priest Seto (manga) Seto ( Forbidden Memories ) Priest Seto ( Dark Duel Stories ) 
 Deck/Ka 
 Seto Summons the following Monster spirits:
 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp  (as seen in the flashback from Ishizu's  Millennium Necklace ) 
 Battle Ox 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon  (fusion of Duos and  Karim 's  Curse of Dragon ) 
 Galestgoras 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman  (fusion of Battle Ox and Mystic Horseman) 
 Trivia 
 Sometime later in his reign as Pharaoh, Seto is believed to have been the one who shattered the Millennium Pendant and established the  Tomb Keepers  to guard Atem's tomb. 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 214: " Name of the Game " 
 
 
 v e 
 Priest Seto  pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Dark Duel Stories 
 Forbidden Memories 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fa/Priest_Seto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170228110821', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f1/Psk.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20100526012932', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/35/Seto_manga_portal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/172?cb=20091119171243', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/Evil_Seto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20080629194752', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1a/P.Seto-DDS.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20130713004158', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Priest Seto pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters