Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Tarren.png


 
 Tarren 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Tarren 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Tanner 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 タナー 
 
 
 Korean name  
 태너 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Satomi Akesaka [1] 
 
 
 
 Tarren , known as  Tanner  (タナー,  Tanā )   in the Japanese version is one of the three children that  Crow Hogan  looks after in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Friendship Cup 
 2.3   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.4   Heartland City 
 2.5   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Duels 
 4   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Tarren wears a blue sleeved top, dungarees with pink patches, and a brown hat with a white bobble. His cheeks contain two oval-shaped freckles, similar to  Tombo Tillbitty  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . He is shorter than fellow orphaned children Amanda and Frank.
 
 Personality 
 Tarren is a better navigator than Amanda and Frank, offering this skill to help  Yuya Sakaki  get to the  Duel Palace  through the  Commons  alleyways without running into mobs. [2]  Tarren is also somewhat curious. This leads him into trouble twice; first when the orphans tried to sneak into the  Duel Palace  in a disguise, and second when, while watching the Friendship Cup Turbo Duel between Crow Hogan and  Shay Obsidian , he ends up clinging onto Crow's Duel Monsters and had to be rescued by Shay.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Amanda ,  Frank  and Tarren were first found by  Crow Hogan  in an alley at night. Crow took them in and fed them, scolding them when they ate too quickly, and adopted them. [3] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Tarren first appeared with Frank at a  Topsiders ' square witnessing  Dennis McField 's magic show. Tarren was awed, but Frank told him to hurry along. They were then seen hiding behind a bush, and witnessed  Yugo  and  Zuzu Boyle  outside of a restaurant trying to warn passers-by of an invasion. Frank and Tarren popped out to steal food from a tray at the restaurant. When they returned to Crow's house, they were promptly scolded by Crow. Tarren then saw  Yuya Sakaki  and  Celina , mistaking them for Yugo and Zuzu. [1]  Later on, Frank and Tarren had a practice duel when they learned that  Sylvio Sawatari  and Celina went out on their own. While the kids enjoyed their meal with  Riley Akaba , the kids witnessed Crow and Yuya arguing over whether a smile or a full stomach was more important. Crow tried to drag them into the argument, but the kids refused to comment, and they later watched Crow and Yuya Duel. Tarren appeared to be impressed at Yuya's  Pendulum Summon . Unfortunately,  Sector Security  arrived, having followed Celina and Sylvio back to Crow's house, and they arrested Yuya, Sylvio, Crow, Shinji, and Celina, but let the kids off. [4] 
 The kids snuck into the  Duel Palace  in order to watch Crow's Duel in the  Friendship Cup  against  Gong Strong , but the disguise that they used fell apart as soon as they got in, forcing them to evade Palace security the entire time and causing Crow to worry about them during the Duel. They cheered Crow on as he defeated Gong, and quickly fled the palace. [3]  At some point, he, Amanda and Tarren watched the Duel between  Shay Obsidian  and Dennis, where he developed a dislike for Shay due to his brutal tactics. [5] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 The kids later found Zuzu in the Commons after her brutal loss to  Sergey Volkov . They brought her to an overpass to see Crow and Shay's Duel, as they couldn't sneak into the Duel Palace again and the matches were now taking place on the duel lanes around New Domino City.  [6]  During the duel, Tarren went missing, only to be spotted hanging off "Raikiri's" back. Tarren could not hang on for too long, and was sent flying; Shay flew on his " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon " to catch him and bring him back to where Frank, Amanda and Zuzu were.  [7]  After the duel, the kids and Zuzu were cornered by Sector Security officers tasked to capture Zuzu; fortunately they were rescued by  Sora Perse , and the three children were awed by Sora and Zuzu's Tag Duel and impressed when they learned Sora had saved her. The three children learned about the invasion of the  Obelisk Force  when  Moon Shadow  arrived. Amanda, Frank, and Tarren were dismayed to learn from Moon that they also had to go with Zuzu and hide in the  Underground Labor Facility . [8] 
 During their time in the Underground, they learned about the strange abilities of  Zuzu's bracelet , which they found strange and fascinating. The three children had to tirelessly dissuade and physically prevent Zuzu from leaving the Underground several times because of her concern for Yuya. Zuzu eventually slipped away after Shay and Shinji started rioting, and the kids frantically began to search for her after they realized she escaped, and quickly alerted  Gong ,  Chojiro Tokumatsu , and Crow. [9] 
 After escaping the Underground, the three children convened with Crow in an alleyway. Amanda had to talk Tarren and Frank down a few times, as Crow warned them to beware of anyone suspicious, and Amanda reminded them that they didn't have  Duel Disks , so they wouldn't be able to take on their enemies. [10]  They split up from Crow to begin searching for Yuya, Zuzu, Celina, and Sora. They reunited with Yuya, Gong, and  Sam  during Yuya's attempt to get back to the  Duel Palace . Amanda, Frank and Tarren were shocked and saddened to hear of Celina's recapture by the Obelisk Force and, with Tarren leading, led Yuya to another pathway to the Duel Palace. He, Amanda, Frank and Sam also ended up traveling on Shay's two " Raidraptor - Force Strix ", flying over New Domino City for the first time in their lives. [2] . They stayed behind to watch the Friendship Cup Final between Yuya Sakaki and  Jack Atlas . [11] .
 
 Heartland City 
 Tarren,  Amanda , and  Frank  asked Jack Atlas to go help  Crow  and the  others , reassuring him that he could leave  New Domino City  to them. [12] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Amanda, Frank, Tarren,  Sam , and  Chojiro  witnessed the appearance of a  massive dragon  in a dimensional rift. [13]  They later witnessed  Jack  and  Crow  each take on  Z-ARC , the Duelist controlling the dragon, and their subsequent defeats and that of  Declan Akaba , before Z-ARC was finally defeated by  Riley Akaba .
 After Z-ARC's defeat, Tarren is seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack  with  Shinji ,  Damon ,  Tony ,  Frank ,  Amanda ,  Sam ,  Chojiro , and his lackeys. [14]  He cheered with Frank when Yuya won and watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [15]  Tarren watched Yuya and Declan gather  Action Cards  to in order for one of them to win the Duel first due to the effect of " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician ". He was happy when Yuya won and was sent to the  Pendulum Dimension  by  Ray Akaba  to witness her revival as  Zuzu  and was surprised by  Rin 's spirit reviving as well. [16] 
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Frank 
 59 
 Not shown
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 66: " Crow's Crew " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 59: " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 81: " Battle Birds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 80: " Where the Truth Lies " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 82: " Warriors of the Air " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 83: " A Matter of Trust " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 91: " Chain Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 121: " Brand of Misfortune " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/Tarren.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160328133717']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters