Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Malefic


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Malefic 
 Ｓｉｎ 「 シン 」  ( Shin ) 
 
 
 
 
 Paradox  with " Malefic Rainbow Dragon " and " Malefic Cyber End Dragon " inside " Malefic World " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Sin 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Corrompu 
 
 
 German 
 Niederträchtig 
 
 
 Italian 
 Maligno 
 
 
 Korean 
 2= Sin 「 신 」   Sin   (romanized) Translation:  Sin 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Pernicioso(a) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Malicioso 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Theater distribution card Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Movie Pack Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time DVD promotional card Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Blu-ray promotional card 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Shonen Jump Vol. 8, Issue 9 promotional card Shonen Jump Vol. 9, Issue 3 promotional card Duelist Pack: Kaiba Collectible Tins 2011 Wave 2 Collectible Tins 2012 Wave 2 Star Pack 2014 Duel Overload Battles of Legend: Armageddon Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Weekly Shōnen Jump 2010, Issue 2 promotional card V Jump March 2010 promotional card V Jump June 2010 promotional card Jump Festa 2011 - Promotion Pack Promotion Pack 2 Duelist Pack: Yusei 3 Special Edition Advanced Tournament Pack 2013 Vol.3 20th Anniversary Legend Collection Collection Pack 2020 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.6 Promotion Pack 2012 Vol.2 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 

" Malefic ", known as " Sin " ( Ｓｉｎ   Shin ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  DARK   Dragon  and  Machine   monsters  used by  Paradox  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time  movie. They are almost exclusively corrupted versions of existing monsters.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Origin 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Members 
 3   Playing style 
 
 3.1   Overview 
 3.2   Other strategies 
 
 3.2.1   Anti-meta 
 3.2.2   Stalling and alternative win conditions 
 
 
 3.3   Weaknesses 
 
 3.3.1   Special Summon reliance 
 3.3.2   Field Spell reliance 
 3.3.3   Other weaknesses 
 
 
 
 
 4   Deck building 
 
 4.1   Recommended cards 
 4.2   Official Deck 
 
 
 5   Anime 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 
 
 Design 
       Designs of "Malefic" monsters     
 Appearance 
 Many "Malefic" monsters have mechanical-looking pieces of their body which are made of a mix of white, grey and black metal, including wings and face-plates (and, in the case of " Malefic Stardust Dragon ", knee and torso plates). Their faces have masks similar to that of Paradox, with the right side black, the left side white and line patterns that cover the eyes (" Malefic Cyber End Dragon " also has its far right head black and far left white). " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and " Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon " are the only "Malefic" monsters whose right eye is not covered by their masks.
 However, the two non- Dragon  "Malefic" monsters, " Malefic Parallel Gear " and " Malefic Paradox Gear ", are  Machine  monsters instead and like their names imply, are simply gear-like in design.
 
 Origin 
 Most of the monsters in this archetype are corrupted versions of other monsters (most of which are counterparts of well-known dragons. The remaining four monsters look similar, but have no known non-Malefic counterparts.
 
 Etymology 
 The Japanese name for this archetype, "Sin", is meant as a pun on the words for "truth" ("shin") and "sin" ("tsumi"), alluding to the truth of human nature as seen by Paradox - that humanity's errors have led to the world's destruction.
 The English name "Malefic" means "having or asserting a negative influence", referring to how these cards are corrupted versions of existing cards.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Malefic monster 
 Original monster
 
 
 Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 
 Malefic Cyber End Dragon 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 
 
 Malefic Rainbow Dragon 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 
 
 Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 
 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 
 Playing style 
 Overview 
 The basic, underlying playstyle of a "Malefic" Deck is an  Aggro   Beatdown Deck  that focuses on constant  Special Summoning  of high  Level   DARK  monster with high  ATK . Most "Malefic" monsters are Special Summoned by  banishing  their original counterpart from the  hand ,  Deck  or  Extra Deck  (varies by monster) while a  Field Spell Card  is active.
 " Malefic World " is the Deck's primary  Field Spell Card , acting as a method to search "Malefic" cards at the cost of the  Normal draw , allowing the "Malefic" player to avoid dead draws of monsters that need to be banished for the Summoning conditions of their "Malefic" monsters, as well as setting up " Malefic Truth Dragon " to act as a  hand trap .
 Due to the Deck's reliance on constantly controlling a Field Spell Card, " Terraforming " is essential, and additional Field Spell Cards—such as " The Seal of Orichalcos ", " Magical Citadel of Endymion ", " Dragon Ravine " and " Geartown "—are recommended. "The Seal of Orichalcos" and "Magical Citadel" both have self-protection, "Dragon Ravine" allows sending "Truth Dragon" to the Graveyard, and "Geartown" allows the player to maintain field presence even if it is destroyed by Summoning " Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon " (which can also be discarded using " Trade-In " to add consistency to the Deck).
 " Malefic Stardust Dragon " offers support to the archetype by protecting Field Spells from destruction by card effects as well as being very easy to Summon (as " Stardust Dragon " is banished from the  Extra Deck ). " Malefic Rainbow Dragon " and " Malefic Cyber End Dragon " act as the Decks main and easiest to Summon  beatsticks . " Malefic Parallel Gear " is the archetypal  Tuner , which uses a "Malefic" monster from the hand as the non-tuner for the  Synchro Summon , allowing " Malefic Paradox Dragon " (or another Level 10  Synchro Monster  such as " Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon ") to easily be easily Summoned.
 " Cyber Dragon " works well to help maintain field should all Field Spell Cards leave the field. If using "Cyber Dragon"; " Instant Fusion ", " Panzer Dragon ", " Cyber Dragon Nova " and " Infinity " can be used to protect the Field Spell. Should "Nova" be sent to the  Graveyard  by an opponent's effect, "Nova" can Special Summon a " Cyber End Dragon " from the Extra Deck.
 " Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon " can be used to revive " Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", " Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon " and "Malefic Paradox Dragon". If a Field Spell, except "Malefic World" is on the field "Paradox Dragon" will be destroyed, thus allowing the usage of "Malefic Truth Dragon" repeatedly. Additionally, using cards such that prevent setting cards (such as " Dark Simorgh ") or cards that cause  piercing  (such as " Dragon's Rage ") can be used to take full advantage of the high ATK of "Malefic" monsters. 
 By using a combination of " Ojama Trio "/" Nightmare Archfiends " and " Battle Mania "/" All-Out Attacks " "Malefics" can easilly achieve an OTK.
 With the release of newer support for the archetype, controlling multiple "Malefic" monsters is finally a possibility, along with the bonus of alternate searching methods. " Malefic Territory " effectively acts as an archetypal "Terraforming" with the bonus of providing Field Spell protection. Not only that, but while it is on the field, the player can summon multiple powerful "Mafelics" with high ATK values (and in the case of "Malefic Stardust Dragon", additional Field Spell protection). This also allows any and all of your monsters to attack, albeit with their effects negated. " Malefic Selector " is able to search 2 of your monsters at once at the cost of banishing two from the GY, and none of the monsters can share the same name.
 If looking for additional summoning, "Paradox Gear" is able to tribute itself while a Field Spell is present to immediately summon "Parralel Gear" for Synchro plays and search another "Malefic" monster (allowing access to a variety of useful Level 10 Synchro Monsters), while also doubling as any necessary monster for the summon of another high-Level "Malefic" monster. This, coupled with " Malefic Divide ", provides excellent play extension as "Divide" can revive any of your monsters although said monsters will be banished at the end of the turn. 
 " Malefic Tune " can provide easy draw power to the deck despite being naturally slower than most draw cards due to being a Trap, on top of even more searching. All in all, with new support "Malefics" can easily build a board full of menacing beatsticks for a potential OTK.
 
 Other strategies 
 Anti-meta 
 In the  OCG , "Malefics" can potentially function well as an  Anti-Meta  Deck, revolving primarily around the cards " Necrovalley " and " Skill Drain ".
 
 Monsters such as " Beast King Barbaros " and " Fusilier Dragon, the Dual-Mode Beast " can be Summoned under "Skill Drain" with their full attack. "Beast King Barbaros" is Level 8, and therefore compatible with "Trade-In", while "Fusilier" is DARK, and therefore compatible with " Allure of Darkness ", " Deck Devastation Virus " and " Eradicator Epidemic Virus ". 
 "Necrovalley", aside being a Field Spell, is a potent  Floodgate  that will prevent your opponent from summoning or banishing monsters from their  Graveyard . 
 As the Deck does makes little use of the Graveyard, cards such as " Macro Cosmos " are excellent side-Deck choices.
 
 Stalling and alternative win conditions 
 An alternative strategy for "Malefics" is to use their high ATK for stalling instead of attacking, and using " Final Countdown " or " Wave Motion Cannon " and cards that can prevent your cards from being destroyed (like " Magic Reflector ", " Imperial Custom " and " Safe Zone ", etc.) to stall until your win condition is met.
 
 " Cost Down " can reduce "Malefic Stardust Dragon"'s level in your hand, which can let you use " Malefic Parallel Gear " to Synchro Summon " Stardust Dragon ". 
 Weaknesses 
 Special Summon reliance 
 Anti- Special Summon  cards such as " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo " and " Thunder King Rai-Oh " are very dangerous to a "Malefic" Deck, since almost none of the "Malefic" monsters can be  Normal Summoned . Other options include " Koa'ki Meiru Drago ", " Consecrated Light " and the " Barrier Statue " monsters. "Thunder King Rai-Oh" is especially dangerous as it negates the effect of "Malefic World" and "Terraforming".
 "Skill Drain" is a good counter these monster effects, as well as having a lot of synergy with the "Malefic" Deck. 
 " Grave of the Super Ancient Organism " is a useful Floodgate against "Malefic" Decks. 
 " Imperial Iron Wall " prevents both player's from banishing cards, making almost all "Malefic" monsters impossible to Summon.
 Can be countered with common Spell/Trap removal cards such as " Mystical Space Typhoon ". 
 Since several "Malefic" monsters need their original forms to be in the Deck or Extra Deck,  Deck Destruction  cards (such as " Needle Worm ", " Gravekeeper's Servant ", and " Doom Dozer ") as well as cards that remove cards from your opponent's Extra Deck (such as " Dragunity Knight - Trident " or " Extra Gate ") can potentially be useful. 
 Field Spell reliance 
 Since most "Malefic" monsters are destroyed if there is no Field Spell on the field, having good access to Spell/Trap removal severely limits the "Malefic" player's ability to maintain field presence. 
 Synchro Decks can use " Ancient Fairy Dragon " to destroy the "Malefic" player's Field Spell, thus destroying any "Malefic" monsters, while also gaining 1000  LP . 
 A face-up " Field Barrier ", while there are no Field Spells on the field, will lock-out all Field Spells from being activated, thus prevent Summoning of most "Malefic" monsters and also increase the likelihood of dead draws. 
 Other weaknesses 
 "Malefic" monsters (with the exception of "Paradox Dragon", "Parallel Gear" and "Paradox Gear") have a restriction to there  only being one "Malefic" monster  on the field , thus making  Mirror Matchs  risky, though the risk can be countered with "Malefic Territory". Also, cards that change control of monsters, such as " Creature Swap ", are dangerous too. 
 Deck building 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Malefic Cyber End Dragon 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon 
 Malefic Truth Dragon 
 Malefic Paradigm Dragon 
 Malefic Paradox Gear 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Darkflare Dragon 
 Eclipse Wyvern 
 Interplanetarypurplythorny Dragon 
 Lightpulsar Dragon 
 Predaplant Chlamydosundew 
 Tuner monsters 
 Malefic Parallel Gear 
 R-Genex Oracle Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon 
 Chimeratech Overdragon 
 Chimeratech Rampage Dragon 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Phantasm Emperor Trilojig 
 Greedy Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Malefic Paradox Dragon 
 Locomotion R-Genex 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Any other Level 10 Dragon Synchro Monster 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Cyber Dragon Nova 
 Cyber Dragon Infinity 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand 
 Hieratic Sun Dragon Overlord of Heliopolis 
 Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder 
 Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Malefic World 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Forbidden Chalice 
 Limiter Removal 
 Machine Duplication 
 Mound of the Bound Creator 
 Overload Fusion 
 Terraforming 
 Trade-In 
 Malefic Divide 
 Malefic Selector 
 Malefic Territory 
 Traps 
 Malefic Claw Stream 
 Dark Illusion 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 Dragon's Rebirth 
 Dragon's Rage 
 Eradicator Epidemic Virus 
 Safe Zone 
 Shadow Impulse 
 Official Deck 
 
 Malefic Deck [1] Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armageddon Knight 
 Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x2 
 Malefic Cyber End Dragon  x3 
 Malefic Rainbow Dragon  x2 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon  x3 
 Malefic Truth Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Metaion, the Timelord 
 Rainbow Dragon  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Malefic Parallel Gear  x2 
 Plaguespreader Zombie Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon  x3 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder 
 Deskbot Jet 
 Dragocytos Corrupted Nethersoul Dragon 
 Stardust Charge Warrior 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Aegaion the Sea Castrum 
 Divine Dragon Knight Felgrand 
 Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy 
 Number 81: Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Super Dora 
 Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 D.D.R. - Different Dimension Reincarnation 
 Foolish Burial 
 Mound of the Bound Creator  x3 
 Terraforming  x3 
 The Melody of Awakening Dragon 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Trade-In  x2 
 Traps 
 Dark Bribe  x2 
 Metal Reflect Slime 
 Skill Drain  x2 
 Solemn Judgment 
 
 Raise The Curtain Of Destruction On The Stage Beyond Time! “Malefic” Deck [2] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ahrima, the Wicked Warden  x3 
 Darkest Diabolos, Lord of the Lair 
 Legendary Maju Garzett 
 Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Malefic Cyber End Dragon  x2 
 Malefic Paradox Gear  x3 
 Malefic Rainbow Dragon 
 Malefic Stardust Dragon  x3 
 Malefic Truth Dragon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Malefic Parallel Gear  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Cyber End Dragon  x2 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder 
 Malefic Paradox Dragon  x2 
 Stardust Dragon  x2 
 Link Monsters 
 Linkuriboh Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Advance Draw  x3 
 Lair of Darkness 
 Malefic Divide 
 Malefic Selector  x3 
 Malefic Territory  x3 
 Malefic World  x3 
 One for One 
 Recurring Nightmare  x2 
 The Melody of Awakening Dragon 
 Trade-In  x3 
 Traps 
 Malefic Tune 
 Anime 
 Paradox , the antagonist of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time , plays a "Malefic" Deck. He claims that they are the most powerful cards in history, due to the fact that they aren't bound to  Normal Summoning  rules.
 In the movie, "Malefic" monsters were much more flexible than their  OCG / TCG  cards; multiple "Malefic" monsters could exist on the field at once, they did not impose attack restrictions on their controller and the original monsters were sent to the  Graveyard  (instead of being  banished ), thus allowing Paradox to easily and constantly swarm the field with his powerful monsters.
 
 Trivia 
 In the trailers shown before every episode [ citation needed ]  are nine face-down cards. The first 5 are the "Malefic" monsters that were corrupted versions of original Dragons. The sixth is " Elemental HERO Neos Knight ", the seventh is " Junk Gardna ", the eighth is " Malefic Parallel Gear ", and the ninth is " Malefic Paradox Dragon ".
 All of these cards featured prominently in the movie. The "Malefic" monsters have also appeared in alternate versions of the  FREEDOM  and  -OZONE-  animations that used footage from the film. 
 All seven "Malefic" Spell/Trap Cards in Japanese have their names printed in English. 
 "Malefic" monsters share some traits with two other 5Ds Era archetypes used by antagonists; " Earthbound Immortals " and " Meklord Emperors ".
 "Earthbound Immortal": Both archetypes consist of  DARK  monsters, they are (for "Malefic" most are)  Field-Unique  and  destroy  themselves if a  Field Spell Card  is not present. 
 "Meklord Emperor": They share an effect which prevents other monsters you control from attacking. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/ocg-may-duelist-festival-2016-obelisk-force-deck-recipes/ 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/thestagebeyondtimeinthedarkdimension/ 
 
 
   
" Malefic " 「 Ｓｉｎ 」 Members 
 Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon Malefic Cyber End Dragon Malefic Paradigm Dragon Malefic Paradox Dragon Malefic Paradox Gear Malefic Parallel Gear Malefic Rainbow Dragon Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon Malefic Stardust Dragon Malefic Truth Dragon 
 Malefic Claw Stream Malefic Divide Malefic Selector Malefic Territory Malefic Tune Malefic World 
 Support 
 Malefic Paradigm Dragon Malefic Paradox Dragon Malefic Paradox Gear Malefic Parallel Gear Malefic Truth Dragon 
 Malefic Claw Stream Malefic Divide Malefic Selector Malefic Territory Malefic Tune Malefic World 
 Anti-support 
 Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon Malefic Cyber End Dragon Malefic Rainbow Dragon Malefic Red-Eyes Black Dragon Malefic Stardust Dragon Malefic Truth Dragon 
 Malefic Territory 
 Related 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon Cyber End Dragon Rainbow Dragon Red-Eyes Black Dragon Stardust Dragon 
 
 v e 
" Malefic " 「 Ｓｉｎ 」 a   Members 
 Malefic Blue-Eyes White Dragon Malefic Claw Stream Malefic Cyber End Dragon Malefic Divide Malefic Force Malefic Paradigm Shift Malefic Paradox Dragon Malefic Parallel Gear Malefic Rainbow Dragon Malefic Red-Eyes B. Dragon Malefic Selector Malefic Stardust Dragon Malefic Truth Dragon Malefic Tune Malefic World 
 Support 
 Malefic Claw Stream Malefic Divide Malefic Paradox Dragon Malefic Rainbow Dragon Malefic Selector Malefic Truth Dragon Malefic Tune Malefic World 
 Related 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon Cyber End Dragon Rainbow Dragon Red-Eyes B. Dragon Stardust Dragon 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/Malefic.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141207194313', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d7/The_Sin_Archetype.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20111007064554']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s)