Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Alligator%27s_Sword


 Alligator's Sword 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Manga Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! Destiny Board Traveler Yu-Gi-Oh! Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 1.1   Battle City 
 1.2   Virtual World 
 1.3   Battle City Finals 
 1.4   Waking the Dragons 
 1.5   Grand Championship 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 3   Video games 
 4   Scripted Duels 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Battle City 
 In  episode 55 ,  Joey Wheeler  uses this card during his Duel against  the Rare Hunter . He summons this card in  Attack Position . Joey's " Panther Warrior "  attacks  and  destroys  the  Rare Hunter 's  set  " Three-Headed Geedo ", and then this card to attacks the Rare Hunter directly. Later Joey  Tributes  this card and "Panther Warrior" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ". 
 In  episode 58 , Joey Wheeler uses this card during his Duel against  Espa Roba . He summons this card in Attack Position. This card then attacks Espa directly. In  the next episode , " Jinzo " (which had 2900 ATK due to " Amplifier ") attacks and destroys this card.
 In the first above-mentioned episode, this card appeared on the screen of the laptop  Tristan Taylor  was using when he was trying to let  Serenity Wheeler  know how the Duel between Joey and Espa was going. 
 In  episode 60 , this card can be seen in  Seto Kaiba 's briefcase when he offers all the rare cards inside before his Duel against  Koji Nagumo . 
 In  episode 63 , Joey Wheeler uses this card during his Duel against  Weevil Underwood . He summons this card in  Defense Position . This card then turns into an  Insect - type   monster  due to the effect of Weevil's " Reckless Parasite ". In  the next episode , " Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth " attacks and destroys this card. 
 In  episode 66 , this card appears in Seto Kaiba's briefcase. 
 In  episode 68 , Joey Wheeler uses this card during his Duel against  Mako Tsunami . He summons this card in Attack Position. Mako's " Amphibian Beast " then attacks this card but Joey activates " Fairy Box " to hide this card within a Whack-A-Mole box. Mako then activates " Umi " to raise the water level around the Field, thus this card couldn't hide in the box with the water level so high. When this card came out for air, "Amphibian Beast" continues to attack but Joey activates " Skull Dice " to roll a die and divide the ATK of "Amphibian Beast" by the result. Joey gets a four, so the ATK of "Amphibian Beast" is divided by four than this card destroys "Amphibian Beast". In  the next episode , Joey activates " Polymerization " to fuse this card and " Baby Dragon " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Alligator's Sword Dragon ". 
 In  episode 74 , this card appears within a series of flashbacks that show all of Joey's Duels in Battle City.
 This card also appeared within some of the small clips that were shown going through a black background before a montage of Joey's Battle City Duels. 
 In  episode 75 , Joey Wheeler, while possessed by  Marik Ishtar , uses this card during his Duel against  Yami Yugi . This card is Normal Summoned in Attack Position. Joey uses this card to attack Yami Yugi directly. Later this card attacks " Kuriboh ", but Yami Yugi activates " Spellbinding Circle " to immobilize and reduce this card's ATK by 700. In  the next episode ,  Yugi Muto  has "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" attack and destroy this card. 
 In  episode 86 , Joey Wheeler uses this card during his Duel against  Odion . He summons this card in Attack Position. Later " Rocket Warrior " attacks Odion directly, but Odion activates " Eye of Ujat " to change the target to this card. Joey then activates "Fairy Box" to hide this card in a Whack-A-Mole box; the attack misses so this card is safe. In  the next episode , Joey switches this card to Defense Position. Odion then uses two copies of " Embodiments of Apophis " to attack and destroy this card and "Rocket Warrior". Later, Joey activates " Monster Reborn " to revive this card. He then Tributes this card and " Swordsman of Landstar " in order to Tribute Summon " Insect Queen ". 
 Virtual World 
 In  episode 99 , this card appears when Yami Yugi was building his Deck for his Duel against  Gansley . 
 In  episode 104 , this card can be seen when Joey was building his Deck for his Duel against  Johnson . 
 In  episode 106 , this card can be seen when  Duke Devlin , Tristan Taylor, and Serenity Wheeler were building their Decks for their Duel against  Nezbitt . 
 In  episode 108 , this card can be seen when Kaiba was building his Deck for his Duel against  Leichter .
 This card also appears in a flashback explained by Leichter when he reminds Seto that his birthday gift from  Gozaburo Kaiba  was where all the mistakes made by Seto himself began. 
 In  episode 109 , this card appears in a flashback Leichter has when he explains to Seto that his treachery began when Gozaburo gave a large amount of dollars to test Seto's business skills. 
 In  episode 110 , this card is one of the five monster cards summoned by Joey Wheeler to keep Gansley,  Crump , Johnson, and Leichter busy while he, Serenity, Duke, and Tristan try to escape. This card is destroyed by Gansley (as " Deepsea Warrior "). 
 In  episode 111 , Joey Wheeler uses this card during his  Tag Duel  with Yami Yugi against  the Big Five . He Normal Summons this card in Defense Position. After Joey summons " Cyber Harpie Lady ", he switches this card to Attack Position. Later " The Legendary Fisherman " attacks Yugi's " Mystical Elf ", but Joey activates " Kunai with Chain " to switch "The Legendary Fisherman" to Defense Position, equip "Kunai with Chain" to this card, and increase this card's ATK by 500. On Joey's next turn, he nearly made this card attack Crump's " Catapult Turtle ", but Joey quickly remembered that the DEF of "Catapult Turtle" was the same as this card's ATK so this card's attack will end in a stalemate. This card then attacks and destroys Crump's set " Magician of Faith " which activates the Flip Effect of "Magician of Faith" to allow Crump to add "A Legendary Ocean" back to his hand. In  the next episode , Johnson activates the  Deck Master Ability  of " Judge Man " to destroy this card, "Mystical Elf", "Kuriboh", and "Cyber Harpie Lady". Yugi and Joey then took 1000 damage since two of their monster cards were destroyed by the Deck Master ability of "Judge Man". 
 Battle City Finals 
 In  episode 125 , Joey Wheeler uses this card during his Duel against  Yami Marik . He summons this card in Defense Position. Marik's " Drillago " then attacks and destroys this card. Later, Marik activates " Tribute Burial " to  banish  this card and " Gil Garth " from both players' Graveyards in order to  Normal Summon  " Helpoemer " with no Tributes.
 In  episode 126 , this card appears in a flashback Yami Marik has when he was trying to figure out which monster card went to Joey's  Graveyard  first. He initially assumed it was this card, but he then remembered that it couldn't have been as he used "Tribute Burial" to banish this card and "Gil Garth" from the Graveyard in order for him to Normal Summon "Helpoemer" with no Tributes. 
 In  episode 129 , this card is seen in a flashback Yami Yugi has when he remembers Yugi Muto used " Exchange " to save Joey from Marik's mind control. 
 In  episode 135 , this card is seen in a series of flashbacks Yugi has when he remembers the previous Duels that Joey went through in Battle City. 
 In  episode 141 , this card appears in a series of flashbacks that Marik has when he remembers all the bad things he did to Yami Yugi and Yugi Muto. He then wonders why Yugi is so forgiving to him despite all of the things he did previously. 
 Waking the Dragons 
 In  episode 152 , Joey Wheeler uses this card during his Duel against  Mai Valentine . He summons this card in Defense Position. Mai then uses one of her copies of " Harpie Lady " to attack and destroy this card. 
 In  episode 169 , Joey Wheeler uses this card during his Duel against  Valon . He summons this card on the first turn of the Duel. Later Valon's " Big Bang Blow " attacks this card. Valon then activates the effect of " Active Guard " to nullify all damage he takes this turn. This card then destroys "Big Bang Blow" which activates the effect of "Big Bang Blow", destroying all monster cards and inflicting damage to both players equal to the total ATK of each monster they controlled. As Valon used the effect of "Active Guard", only Joey took damage. 
 Grand Championship 
 In  episode 188 , this card is shown in Joey Wheeler's hand during his Duel against  Solomon Muto  (while disguised as Apdnarg Otum). 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 This card appears in the anime's Japanese closing song  Borderline Battle . 
 In  episode 75 , this card appears in a flashback  Tyranno Hassleberry  when he sees the dock and states to his friends it's the same place where Yugi Muto was forced to Duel Joey Wheeler because of Marik Ishtar. 
 Video games 
 Joey Wheeler  uses this card in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Tag Force Special . 
 Scripted Duels 
 In the non-canon duel  YCS Providence 2012 Special: Mai, Joey and Yugi vs. Pegasus and Bakura , Joey uses this card against  Maximillion Pegasus . He uses "Polymerization" to use it as a  Fusion Material Monster  with "Baby Dragon" to Fusion Summon "Alligator's Sword Dragon". 
 In the non-canon duel  North American WCQ 2012 Special: Joey vs. Kaiba , Joey summons this card on the first turn. The next turn, it is destroyed by battle by Kaiba's " Battle Ox ". On Joey's next turn, he  Special Summons  this card from the Graveyard with " Silent Doom ". The same turn, Joey uses "Polymerization" to use it as Fusion Material with "Baby Dragon" to Fusion Summon "Alligator's Sword Dragon." 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances