Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_018


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ＶＳ   遊戯 デッキ (前編) 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Vāsasu Yūgi Dekki (Zenpen) 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 VS Yugi's Deck (Part 1) 
 
 
 English 
 The King of the Copycats, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 018 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 2, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 17, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Tea Sun In 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Nature of the Draw " 
 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 ", known as " VS Yugi's Deck (Part 1) " in the Japanese version, is the eighteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 An exhibition featuring  Yugi Muto 's Deck arrives at  Duel Academy , but before it can officially be displayed, it is stolen by  Dimitri , a  Cookie Cutter  Duelist who copies the Decks of others (as well as the personalities of the Duelists who use them) in an attempt to win.   Jaden Yuki  faces Dimitri in a Duel to get the stolen Deck back.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Syrus Truesdale vs. Dimitri 
 2.2   Jaden Yuki vs. Dimitri 
 
 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Jaden Yuki  arrives at  Ms. Dorothy 's card shop to find  Syrus Truesdale  dueling a  Ra Yellow  student named  Dimitri . Jaden asks Syrus why he's dueling, and he points to the posters that are hung up around the shop.  Yugi Muto 's Deck is arriving on  Duel Academy  as part of a special exhibition. Syrus briefly states some of Yugi's exploits, and several flashbacks to  the second series anime  are shown. Syrus explains that the Deck will not have the  Egyptian Gods , but the rest of Yugi's signature cards will be included. This doesn't explain why they're dueling, and Ms. Dorothy reveals that they were selling tickets to attend the event, and only one remains, so they are settling it in a Duel. Syrus states he's already bought his ticket, and he's dueling to get the last ticket for Jaden. The Duel resumes, and Dimitri plays " Heavy Storm ".  Bastion Misawa  explains that Dimitri copies the Decks of other Duelists, and in this case, he is using  Dr. Crowler's  Deck. "Heavy Storm" destroys his two face-down " Statue of the Wicked ",  Special Summoning  two " Wicked Tokens ". He  Tributes  them to Summon " Ancient Gear Golem ". He attacks Syrus' " Jetroid ", but Syrus activates its effect, which lets him activate a  Trap Card  from his hand. He plays " Magic Cylinder ",  negating  the attack and inflicting damage to Dimitri equal to the damage he would have taken, winning him the Duel.
 The Ra Yellow and  Obelisk Blue  students talk amongst themselves as they leave, commenting that they can't believe that Dimitri lost to a  Slifer Red  student, and speculate that he could be demoted. Bastion attempts to make him feel better, telling him they all have off-days, but he runs off. At his dorm room that night, Dimitri is enraged that he can't win, despite copying the Decks of great Duelists such as  Zane Truesdale ,  Seto Kaiba  and Dr. Crowler. He sees the flier advertising Yugi's Deck, and formulates a plan. At the Slifer Red dorm, Jaden, excited for the event, can't stop thinking about Yugi, and constantly stares at his " Winged Kuriboh " card that his idol gave him. Although the exhibition first opens tomorrow morning, Jaden suggests they go sneak a peek now. At the exhibition hall, the men that set up the case hand the key to the display case and hall to Dr. Crowler, and he decides he'll also take a peek at the Deck early. He enters the hall to find the display case broken into and the Deck gone. Jaden, Syrus and  Chumley Huffington  arrive at the hall, and meet with Bastion, who also wanted to check the Deck out early. They find Crowler by the broken display case and accuse him of stealing the Deck. He denies it, and they all split up to search for the real thief. Dimitri stands outside, looking through Yugi's Deck, amazed at the power of the cards. Syrus finds him. Dimitri throws him a  Duel Disk , as he wishes to test the power of Yugi's Deck. Syrus loses, and the others catch up with him. Jaden challenges Dimitri, with the latter agreeing to return the Deck if he loses.
 The Duel begins, with Jaden Summoning " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " in  Defense Position . Dimitri plays " Polymerization ",  fusing  " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " and " Berfomet " to  Fusion Summon  " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast " in  Attack Position , which attacks and destroys "Burstinatrix". Chumley asks if Syrus has any advice for Jaden, since he just dueled Dimitri, but Syrus responds that Jaden lost very quickly, just to "Chimera". Bastion comments that Dimitri may just be invincible at this point, as the weaknesses of Yugi's Deck (if there are even any at all) are not known. This would not be a problem against any old duelist, but Dimitri has a very good memory, and is able to reproduce the tactics and even the personality of the person he is copying, Bastion explains. 
 Jaden plays "Polymerization", fusing " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and " Elemental HERO Clayman " to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant ", which destroys "Chimera" with its effect, but this lets Dimitri Special Summon "Berformet" from his  Graveyard  in Defense Position. "Thunder Giant" attacks and destroys it. Dimitri  Sets  a card, and then plays " Monster Reincarnation ",  discarding  a card to add "Gazelle" back to his hand. He Summons it in Defense Position before activating " Swords of Revealing Light ", meaning Jaden cannot attack for three turns. 
 Jaden Summons " Dark Catapulter ", planning to use its effect to remove a  Spell Counter  from it during his next turn in order to destroy "Swords of Revealing Light". However, Dimitri states he's been waiting for Jaden to Summon a new monster, and he activates his face-down " Dark Renewal ", Tributing his own "Gazelle" and Jaden's "Dark Catapulter" in order to Special Summon a  Spellcaster - type  monster from his Graveyard. Jaden objects that Dimitri has no such monsters in his Graveyard, but Dimitri reveals he discarded " Dark Magician " to pay for "Monster Reincarnation", which he now Special Summons in Attack Position. Jaden switches "Thunder Giant" to Defense Position before ending his turn.
 Dimitri activates " Thousand Knives ", destroying "Thunder Giant". He then attacks  directly  with "Dark Magician". Jaden Summons " Wroughtweiler " in Defense Position. Dimitri destroys it with "Dark Magician", triggering Wroughtweiler's effect, letting Jaden add "Burstinatrix" and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to to his hand. He Summons the former in Defense Position and Sets a card. Jaden thinks to himself that the only card in his hand that could beat "Dark Magician" is " Elemental HERO Bladedge " and he needs a plan to Summon him. Dimitri attacks with "Dark Magician", and Jaden activates his face-down " A Hero Emerges ". Dimitri chooses the far left card, which is "Bladedge", which is Summoned in Attack Position. Bastion comments that with no Egyptian Gods present, "Dark Magician" is the strongest card in Yugi's Deck, so Jaden may have a chance if he can defeat it. Dimitri laughs at this comment, and plays the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Dedication through Light and Darkness ", letting him Tribute "Dark Magician" to Special Summon " Dark Magician of Chaos ", which has 2800  ATK . Its effect lets him add "Monster Reincarnation" from his Graveyard to his hand. He then attacks and destroys "Bladedge". Jaden begins to question whether he's dueling Dimitri, or Yugi himself.
 
 Featured Duels 
 Syrus Truesdale vs. Dimitri 
 Duel already in progress. Syrus controls " Jetroid " (1200/1800) in  Attack Position , while Dimitri has 1000  LP  and controls two  Set  cards.
 Dimitri's turn 
Dimitri  draws  " Heavy Storm " and subsequently activates it to destroy all Spell and Trap Cards on the field. Since Dimitri's two set cards were both " Statue of the Wicked ", their effects activate, Special Summoning two " Wicked Tokens " (1000/1000 each) in Attack Position. Dimitri then  Tributes  his two "Wicked Tokens" to  Tribute Summon  " Ancient Gear Golem " (3000/3000) in Attack Position. "Ancient Gear Golem" then attacks "Jetroid", but Syrus uses the effect of "Jetroid" to activate " Magic Cylinder " from his hand, negating the attack and inflicting damage to Dimitri equal to the  ATK  of "Ancient Gear Golem" (Dimitri: 1000 → 0 LP).
 
 Jaden Yuki vs. Dimitri 
 Turn 1: Jaden 
 Jaden   draws . He then  Normal Summons  " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " (1200/800) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 2: Dimitri 
 Dimitri  draws. He then  activates  " Polymerization " to  fuse  " Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts " and " Berfomet " to  Fusion Summon  " Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast " (2100/1800) in  Attack Position . "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast" attacks and  destroys  "Burstinatrix".
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then activates "Polymerization" to fuse " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and " Elemental HERO Clayman " to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Thunder Giant " (2400/1500) in Attack Position. Since "Thunder Giant" was Fusion Summoned, its effect activates, allowing Jaden to destroy "Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast". Since "Chimera" was destroyed, its effect activates, allowing Dimitri to  Special Summon  "Berfomet" (1400/1800) from his  Graveyard  in Defense Position. "Thunder Giant" attacks and destroys "Berfomet".
 Turn 4: Dimitri 
Dimitri draws. He then  Sets  a card. Dimitri then activates " Monster Reincarnation " to  discard  " Dark Magician " and add "Gazelle" from his Graveyard to his hand. Dimitri then Normal Summons "Gazelle" (1500/1200) in Defense Position. He then activates " Swords of Revealing Light ". Now Jaden can't attack for three turns and all his monsters must be face-up.
 Turn 5: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Dark Catapulter " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1000/1500) in Defense Position. Since Jaden summoned a monster, Dimitri activates his face-down " Dark Renewal " to  Tribute  "Gazelle" and "Dark Catapulter" and Special Summon "Dark Magician" (2500/2100) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Jaden then switches "Thunder Giant" to Defense Position.
 Turn 6: Dimitri 
Dimitri draws " Thousand Knives " and subsequently activates it to destroy "Thunder Giant". "Dark Magician" attacks  directly  (Jaden: 4000 → 1500 LP).
 Turn 7: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then Normal Summons " Wroughtweiler " (800/1200) in Defense Position.
 Turn 8: Dimitri 
Dimitri draws. "Dark Magician" attacks and destroys "Wroughtweiler". Since "Wroughtweiler" was destroyed, its effect activates, allowing Jaden to add "Burstinatrix" and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand.
 Turn 9: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then Normal Summons "Burstinatrix" (1200/800) in Defense Position and Sets a card. On Jaden's  End Phase , the effect of "Swords of Revealing Light" ends. Jaden's hand contains " Bubble Blaster ", "Polymerization", " Super Junior Confrontation ", and " Elemental HERO Bladedge ".
 Turn 10: Dimitri 
Dimitri draws. "Dark Magician" attacks "Elemental Hero Burstinatrix", but Jaden activates his face-down " A Hero Emerges " to force Dimitri to select a card from Jaden's hand If it's a monster, Jaden may Special Summon it. Dimitri selects a card and Jaden reveals the card to be "Bladedge", so Jaden Special Summons it (2600/1800) in Attack Position. 
 A replay occurs and Dimitri chooses not to attack. Dimitri then activates " Dedication through Light and Darkness " to Tribute "Dark Magician" and Special Summon " Dark Magician of Chaos " (2800/2600) in Attack Position. Since "Dark Magician of Chaos" was summoned, its effect activates, allowing Dimitri to add "Monster Reincarnation" from his Graveyard to his hand. "Dark Magician of Chaos" attacks and destroys "Elemental Hero Bladedge" (Jaden: 1500 → 1300 LP). Since "Dark Magician of Chaos" destroyed a monster by battle, its effect activates, removing the destroyed monster from play.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the Japanese version,  Kagurazaka  also copies  Professor Cronos'  verbal tic of adding "na no ne" to the end of each sentence. This is replicated in the dub by having him imitate Crowler's accent. 
 In the Japanese version, the men setting up the display case are respectful of Cronos, while in the dub, they forget to address him as "doctor" and one states as they walk off that he wasn't sure what Crowler's gender was. 
 In the Japanese version, Jaden and his friends do not accuse Crowler of stealing the Deck, realizing that it could not have been him, as, if he was going to, he would not need to break into the case, since he has the key. 
 In the Japanese version, Kagurazaka does not develop delusions of actually being Yugi until  the next episode . In the dub, he begins to believe he is Yugi as soon as he takes the Deck. 
 In the dub, the music used for Dimitri (as Yugi) is taken from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters  since it differs somewhat from the music usually used during the original series (though some of the music used for Yugi's monsters are kept from the original series). 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Catapulter 
 Elemental HERO Bladedge 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Wroughtweiler Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Thunder Giant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Blaster 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Super Junior Confrontation 
 
 Dimitri (Yugi's Deck) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Gazelle the King of Mythical Beasts 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berfomet 
 Dark Magician Girl [Notes 1] 
 Dark Magician of Chaos 
 Darkbishop Archfiend [Notes 2] 
 Kuriboh [Notes 1] 
 Watapon [Notes 1] Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimera the Flying Mythical Beast Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dedication through Light and Darkness 
 Monster Reincarnation 
 Polymerization 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Thousand Knives 
 Traps 
 Dark Renewal 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Jetroid Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Heavy Storm 
 Traps 
 Magic Cylinder 
 Statue of the Wicked  x2 
 
 Syrus' thoughts Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Doppleganger 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card can be seen when Dimitri is looking at Yugi's Deck. 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen when  Dimitri  is looking at  Yugi's  Deck in the dub. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/64/YGOGx018.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304055301']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes