Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dartz

For other versions of this character, see  Dartz (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Dartz 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Dartz 
 
 
 Other   
 Gozaburo Kaiba (assumed identity) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 ダーツ 
 
 
 Arabic   
 دارتز 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 10,000+ 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Ironheart  (father) Chris  (daughter) Iona  (wife; deceased) 
 
 
 
 Allegiance 
 
 Royal title 
 King of  Atlantis 
 
 
 Reign 
 circa. 8000 B.C. 
 
 
 Predecessor 
 Ironheart 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Previous occupation 
 King of  Atlantis President of  Paradius / Doma Possible president of  Industrial Illusions Possible president of  KaibaCorp 
 
 
 Previous organization 
 Doma Paradius Industrial Illusions KaibaCorp 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Orichalcos 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 145: " A New Evil - Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (second series) 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yū Emao 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Ouday Raad 
 
 
 German  
 Björn Schalla 
 
 
 Portuguese  
 Fritz Gianvito Marcio Marconato 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Louie Paraboles 
 
 
 
 Dartz  is the main antagonist in the  Waking the Dragons  story arc of the  Second Series Anime . Dartz was the last potentate of the city of  Atlantis , and his history was tied to the lost city.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 
 
 2   Abilities 
 3   Biography 
 
 3.1   History 
 3.2   Waking the Dragons 
 
 
 4   Other appearances 
 5   Deck 
 6   Duels 
 7   Quotes 
 8   Trivia 
 9   References 
 10   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
         
         
 Dartz's usual outfit consisted of closed white and blue robes. His outfit also included a foot length cloak which trailed behind him, padded shoulders, cuffed wrists, a raised collar and a stone that bore the symbol of the Orichalcos around his neck. Dartz wore piercings on his left ear. He wore a fragment of the Orichalcos Stone in a chain on his forehead. His light blue hair featured a two locked fringe and trailed to near knee length and was tied at waist length. Dartz originally had gold irises, but after he was corrupted by the Orichalcos, he had  Heterochromic  irises; his right iris was green and his left was gold. His right eye returned to its original gold color after he was defeated by Yami Yugi. During his Duel with Yami Yugi and Seto Kaiba, he wore a  Chaos Duel Disk . When he was at Paradius Inc., Dartz wore a periwinkle colored suit with a red tie and white shoes.
 After he gave his soul to the Great Leviathan, Dartz's physical body became glassy, shattering into powder at a touch. His consciousness inhabited a tiny section of the Leviathan, taking the form of his upper torso messily merged at the wrists and waist into the Leviathan's head (the dub obscures the points where Dartz is merged with the Leviathan). His skin became purple, and his eyes fully yellow. His mouth also stops moving, except to express emotions alongside his eyes.
 
 Abilities 
         Full view of Dartz in his business clothes.     
 As the master of the Orichalcos, Dartz was granted powerful magical abilities that rivaled those of the Millennium Items, like materializing Duel Monsters, summoning his Orichalcos Soldiers all over the world and also recalling them, and also the power to brainwash others. Dartz also demonstrated the ability to cause devastating weather storms, rain lightning blasts from the sky, conjure a sword from nothing, communicate with people telepathically, remote viewing, show visions, and using telekinesis. The Orichalcos also seemingly granted Dartz eternal youth, as 10,000 years had passed since he ruled Atlantis and he didn't age at all.
 Dartz is also shown to have an extremely strong fighting spirit. It was so strong that when he manifested his fighting spirit during his Duel with Kaiba and Yami Yugi, they noted he was no ordinary person. Outside observers like Tristan, Tea, and Mokuba noted outside observers shouldn't be able to sense a Duelist's fighting spirit, but they clearly felt his.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Ten thousand years ago, Atlantis, an island that was isolated from the rest of the world, was a perfect civilization. One day, however, meteors rained down upon the kingdom. Those meteorites were mysterious and powerful  Stones  of the  Orichalcos , and glowed a bright greenish blue. Those stones imbued the people of Atlantis with ultimate knowledge and power. In just a few years, Atlantis became the most advanced civilization on the planet, and was even more advanced than the modern world. However, with power came corruption and greed.
 Ironheart , the King of Atlantis, gave his throne to his son, Dartz. Soon, the stones of the Orichalcos began to expose the evil in people, and turned those with darkness on the inside into monsters on the outside. Dartz witnessed his own wife,  Iona , become a horrid, ugly beast. (In the Japanese version, she attacked him and he was forced to kill her with his sword.) 
 Confused and frightened, Dartz consulted a stone of the Orichalcos for guidance. The Orichalcos granted Dartz great power and lent him the  Orichalcos Soldiers  to do his bidding. It told him to resurrect an ancient mystical beast known as  the Great Leviathan , which would help him to destroy the world and create a new one that would be free of evil. Dartz became corrupted and misguided.
 Ironheart and  Chris , (Dartz's daughter) fled and called upon the world of  Duel Monsters  and its guardians, the three  Legendary Dragons  (in actuality, three soldiers whom Dartz had transformed into dragons) for help against the corrupted Dartz. One day, an army of benevolent magical creatures—including the three dragons—led by Ironheart, met with Dartz’s Army of the Orichalcos Soldiers and the Great Leviathan, and the Battle of Atlantis took place. The battle concluded with neither side victorious: The three dragons were frozen in ice, the magical creatures were sent back to their own world, the Soldiers of the Orichalcos were destroyed, the Great Leviathan was sealed away from the world, and Atlantis sank beneath the sea.
 The corruption of the Orichalcos made Dartz believe that the world was a wicked place, and that humans had an inherent malice in their hearts. The transformation that the Orichalcos had inflicted on his fellow Atlanteans was, he believed, the punishment for being evil, as the outside of man became as twisted as their inside. [1]  Dartz was driven to revive the Great Leviathan to raze the world, so that he may reconstruct it in the image of glorious Atlantis. To do so, Dartz required souls of humans. 
 Dartz wandered the Earth for 10,000 years, presumably kept alive by the power of the Orichalcos. He knew that he had found one of the powerful souls that he required when he encountered the  Pharaoh Atem  in ancient Egypt, and witnessed his control of the powers of darkness and his ability to command Duel Monsters. He also witnessed the Pharaoh, with  Slifer the Sky Dragon  pursuing  Thief King Bakura  and  Diabound . However, Dartz could not capture the Pharaoh's soul because Bakura and  Zorc Necrophades  were in his way (though Dartz seems to not have any fear of Zorc and when he showed the past of the Pharaoh (his first battle with Bakura); Dartz never saw Zorc as a threat to the Great Leviathan, likely believing the powers of the Leviathan were greater than those of Zorc). He therefore had to wait another 5000 years (3000 in the Japanese version) to capture the Pharaoh's soul. [2] 
 It was unclear precisely when Dartz began to collect souls, but eventually, he established a multinational conglomerate that was named  Paradius , which became a well-known, yet mysterious force in the business world. But that was not the only organization that Dartz had formed. Dartz also controlled the  Doma  Organization (Paradius in the English version), a group formed to gather souls to feed the Great Leviathan by challenging unsuspecting players to games of Duel Monsters only to have their souls taken by " The Seal of Orichalcos ", a card that he had suffused with the Orichalcos' power.
 For ten thousand years, Dartz collected souls in order to ensure the return of the Great Leviathan into the world. With time, the number of souls that Dartz had stolen stretched into the millions, thanks in part to his underlings.
 
 Waking the Dragons 
         Dartz's family aiding his enemies.     
 Dartz's underlings,  Rafael ,  Valon , and  Alister , a trio of  Duel Monsters  players (called Doma's Three Swordsmen in Japan) had their lives manipulated by him to make them feel only hatred, and molded them to be ideal servants to his cause. Dartz gave them each a small fragment of the Orichalcos, which could be used to break the "Seal of Orichalcos" from outside in case of emergency, and gave them magical abilities that rivaled the  Millennium Items .
 Once aware of the fact that the Pharaoh had been  reincarnated  and his spirit revived in the present day, Dartz began his agenda to take his soul by freezing over the  Tablet of Memories , and prevented the Pharaoh from remembering his own past. Later, he ordered his minions to steal the  Egyptian God  Cards. Subsequently, the  Dark Magician Girl  had  Yugi Muto ,  Seto Kaiba , and  Joey Wheeler  release and join forces with the Legendary Dragons as the souls of both them and their friends came under threat. Dartz's surviving family, Ironheart and Chris assisted Yami in recovering his self-confidence and the trust of " Timaeus ". Events gradually converged on a Duel between Yami Yugi, Kaiba, and Dartz, in which Yami Yugi claimed victory by releasing the power of the Legendary Dragons and returned them to their human forms. Kaiba, Joey, and Yugi's souls were emancipated from the clutches of the Leviathan. 
 However, Dartz sacrificed his own soul, and his human body was reduced to dust, to give Leviathan enough power to fully resurrect and raised Atlantis once more with himself combined with the Great Beast. In the ensuing battle, Yami Yugi called the Egyptian Gods and together they destroyed it, and discharged all of the souls. However, a trace of its darkness remained, and revealed the Leviathan's original form, along with Dartz's soul, which Yami Yugi was able to banish, released Dartz from the influence of the Orichalcos, allowed him to be reunited with the spirits of his family, and entered the afterlife as Atlantis sank back beneath the sea.
 
 Other appearances 
 Dartz ( Legacy of the Duelist ) 
 Deck 
 Dartz played an  " Orichalcos " Deck , which centered on " The Seal of Orichalcos " and its upgraded forms, " Orichalcos Deuteros " and " Orichalcos Tritos ", both of which added an additional ring to the glyph around the field.  Much of his attack force was provided by " Mirror Knight Calling ", who generated " Mirror Knight Tokens " (who copied the  ATK  of whichever monster they battled and protected themselves from destruction by removing their  Shield Counters  instead) and Shield Counters for those Tokens that were unprotected.  However, Dartz's actual strategy involved " Orichalcos Kyutora ", who reduced all  Battle Damage  that he took to 0. The  Negated  damage was what fueled the ATK of " Orichalcos Shunoros ".  However, "Orichalcos Shunoros" weakened itself very quickly (because it lost ATK after it battled a monster, or if either " Orichalcos Aristeros " or " Orichalcos Dexia " battled an opposing monster), so as a very last resort, if "Shunoros" was destroyed, Dartz  Summoned  his infinitely strong " Divine Serpent Geh ", but if that monster was destroyed, he automatically lost.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Divine Serpent Geh 
 Orichalcos Aristeros 
 Orichalcos Dexia 
 Orichalcos Gigas 
 Orichalcos Kyutora 
 Orichalcos Malevolence 
 Orichalcos Shunoros 
 Timeater [Notes 1] 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Mirror Knight Calling Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Impact Revive 
 Orichalcos Deuteros 
 Orichalcos Mirror 
 Orichalcos Tritos 
 The Seal of Orichalcos 
 Twin Bow Centaur 
 Traps 
 Martyr Curse 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s) 
 Episode(s) 
 Outcome(s)
 
 
 Seto Kaiba  and  Yami Yugi 
 177 - 182 
 Win (Kaiba), Lose (Yami Yugi)
 
 Quotes 
 "Before the Age of Atlantis is ushered in, the mighty sea shall rise and the sky shall fall. Only then will paradise return." - Episode 177. 
 "Ye of a little faith. Just duel me and I promise I'll make a believer out of you. For when you lose, there will be no denying my power."  to  Seto Kaiba - Episode 177. 
 "Unfairness is why there is darkness in the heart, and people can’t overcome that fact. Some have a good life and some suffer; some are talented and some are loathed."  Episode 179. 
 Trivia 
 The symbol did not appear on Dartz's forehead when " The Seal of Orichalcos " was activated, unlike anyone else who used it.
 The symbol however did appear on his head in flashbacks to the Battle of Atlantis, even though he wasn't shown playing The Seal of Orichalcos. 
 Dartz originally held the title of having the highest ever total life point value (20,000 LP) out of any character in the entire  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series anime franchise for 7 years until being superseded by  Charlie McCay  (100,000 LP) and then by  Don Thousand  (102,900 LP) from  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL   respectively.
 Coincidentally, both Dartz and  Yami Yugi  both held the lowest possible Life Point value (0 LP) in a Duel without automatically losing due to the protection of cards placed in effect by the respective Duelists.  [3] 
 Dartz was the first villain to cause Yami Yugi tearful distress. 
 The form Dartz takes on when he's absorbed by the Great Leviathan is similar to  Reginald Kastle 's true form from  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 178: " A Duel with Dartz - Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 180: " A Duel with Dartz - Part 4 " 
 
 ↑   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TR_3zb55eVc 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is  Tributed  from his  hand  via " Orichalcos Mirror " to Summon " Mirror Knight Calling " during  episode 178 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime   characters Domino High  students 
 Yugi Muto (Yugi Mutou) 
 Yami Yugi (Dark Yugi) 
 Joey Wheeler (Katsuya Jonouchi) 
 Téa Gardner (Anzu Mazaki) 
 Tristan Taylor (Hiroto Honda) 
 Bakura Ryou (Ryo Bakura) 
 Yami Bakura (Dark Bakura) 
 Duke Devlin (Ryuji Otogi) 
 Ushio 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Hobson 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Gansley 
 Crump 
 Johnson 
 Nezbitt 
 Leichter 
 Engineer A 
 Duel Computer 
 Roland (Isono) 
 Fuguta 
 Noah Kaiba 
 KC DuelTek 760 
 Industrial Illusions 
 Maximillion Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Croquet (Crocketts) 
 Kemo (Saruwatari) 
 Ghost Kaiba (Death Imitator) 
 PaniK (Player Killer of Darkness) 
 Para (Mei) 
 Dox (Kyu) 
 Legendary Heroes 
 Earu 
 Princess Adena (Princess Mary) 
 Witty Phantom 
 Ishtar family 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar (Marik Ishtar) 
 Yami Marik (Dark Marik) 
 Odion (Rishid) 
 Mr. Ishtar 
 Mrs. Ishtar 
 Rare Hunters 
 Merchant 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana (Pandora) 
 Strings (Doll) 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Lumis (Mask of Light) 
 Umbra (Mask of Darkness) 
 Doma 
 Dartz 
 Gurimo 
 Rafael 
 Alister (Amelda) 
 Valon 
 Atlantis 
 Timaeus 
 Critias 
 Hermos 
 The Great Leviathan 
 Chris 
 Ironheart 
 Skye 
 Iona 
 Orichalcos Soldier 
 Tournament Duelists 
 Solomon Muto (Sugoroku Mutou) 
 Weevil Underwood (Insector Haga) 
 Rex Raptor (Dinosaur Ryuzaki) 
 Mako Tsunami (Ryota Kajiki) 
 Mai Valentine (Mai Kujaku) 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz ("Ghost" Kotsuzuka) 
 Sid (Takaido) 
 Zygor (Satake) 
 Rebecca Hawkins (Rebecca Hopkins) 
 Espa Roba 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Leon von Schroeder (Leonhart von Schroider) 
 Siegfried von Schroider 
 Vivian Wong 
 Balfry Ginger 
 Abe the Monkey Man 
 Richard Goat 
 Paul McGregor 
 Totani Ialos 
 Sergei Ivanoff 
 Shane Jordan 
 Fortune Salim 
 Ethan Shark 
 Jafar Shin 
 Ancient Egypt 
 Atem 
 Mahad 
 Seto 
 Aknadin (Akhenaden) 
 Isis 
 Karim 
 Shada 
 Shimon Muran (Siamun Muran) 
 Bakura 
 Kisara 
 Gebelk 
 Aknamkanon (Akhenamkhanen) 
 Mana 
 Hasan 
 Monster ka 
 Magician of Black Chaos 
 Thousand-Eyes Restrict 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Dark Magician (Black Magician) 
 Obelisk the Tormentor (Giant Soldier God of Obelisk) 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon (Sky Dragon of Osiris) 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra (Winged God Dragon of Ra) 
 Dark Magician Girl (Black Magician Girl) 
 Diabound 
 Galestgoras 
 Exodia 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Illusion Magician 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman 
 Zorc Necrophades 
 Holactie the Creator of Light (The Creator God of Light, Horakhty) 
 Other 
 Arthur Hawkins (Arthur Hopkins) 
 Serenity Wheeler (Shizuka Kawai) 
 Bakura's father 
 Shadi 
 Sam (Tom) 
 Mr. Tsunami (Mr. Kajiki) 
 Cecelia Pegasus (Cyndia) 
 Yugi's mother 
 Mrs. Wheeler (Ms. Kawai) 
 Johnny Steps 
 Weevil's helper 
 Kenta 
 Mikey (Miruko) 
 Aaron (Juan) 
 Julian 
 Sonia 
 Rafael's parents 
 Copernicus 
 Bayern Governer Fravz 
 Rick 
 Luke 
 Yami Alexander 
 Bobasa 
 Coach Morty 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3b/Dartz2_%282%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131204032955', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/Dartz_lineart.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20190610195255', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/27/Dartz_lineart_2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/218?cb=20190610195803', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/Dartz.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/87?cb=20160712141721', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/IronheartChrisSky.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20070813224848', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Dartz-0.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180410112601', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! characters