Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Capsule_Monsters_-_Episode_005


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters - Episode 005 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English 
 Eye of the Storm 
 
 
 Number 
 005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 October 7, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 "Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme" 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters episode listing 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fortress of Fear " 
 " Trial of Light and Shadow " 
 
 
 
 
 
" Eye of the Storm " is the fifth episode of the miniseries  Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters .
 
 Summary 
 (Episode starts with a blinding light fading to reveal Yugi)
 As Yugi opens his eyes, the camera pans around to show a desert setting. Joey wonders as to what they're going to do next, Téa saying how standing around won't help, Tristan agreeing. Yugi thinks back to the riddle, wondering what it meant about the 5 tests. Solomon collapses to his knees, but says he'll be fine. Téa uses  Happy Lover 's "Heart Beam" to help Solomon feel better, though he still feels like he's too old. A flashback occurs, showing the battle between  Summoned Skull  and  The Rock Spirit . Téa suggests they find somewhere to rest, and Tristan makes a sarcastic remark. Joey agrees with Téa, running off to find some shade or an oasis, only to slide unexpectedly down a dune. After the others rush to find him, Joey notices a bunch of tents on the horizon.
 (Scene change to the tents)
 As the gang walks through the small village, the whole place seems deserted, but Yugi notices the people hiding from the gang in the entrances of the tents. Joey tries to say hi, but only gets a cold reception. A small girl walks up to the gang, saying how the people of the village have been waiting for them. She then tells the gang to follow her and leads them to a large tent. Joey is suspicious, but Tristan tells him they have no other choice. Inside the tent is an old man, presumably the village elder. Holding out his arms, two balls of blue fire appear in the elder's hands. When the flames disappear a scroll is revealed, and the little girl takes the scroll and gives it to Yugi. It says:
 "Trial 1:
Silence the whisper that rides the desert wind."
 Yugi and Téa realize that this is the first trial the tablet from the previous episode was talking about. Joey makes a quip about the elder not talking, only to have Tristan be his usual, sarcastic, self. A sudden gust of wind blows outside the tent, a voice telling the gang to turn back. Bewildered by the occurrence, the gang looks around for a moment before the little girl confirms it was the voice that rides the desert wind. Yugi feels they should go investigate and while Tristan was afraid he'd want to do that, Joey tries to build up the group's confidence. After a wicked laugh by the voice, Téa asks for some last minute advice. The little girl mentions about a previous traveler and that he found the weakness in the Eye of the Storm. Téa and Yugi ask about the previous visitor. The girl tells there was only 1 other and that it was a long time ago since they came through. Yugi asks what happened, even though Tristan doesn't want to know. The girl takes off a pentagon-shaped pendant she's wearing and gives it to Téa, saying she'll need it. Another wicked laugh breaks the silence. Joey leads the way as they head off to find the source of the voice.
 (Scene change to the gang running through the desert)
 Joey wonders how they're supposed to find a voice that moves on the wind, the voice still telling them to leave and turn back. Yugi realizes the voice is coming from below them and jumps out of the way as a large pit forms before a  Medusa Worm  crashes up, towering high above them. Solomon tells Yugi to be careful. Yugi switches with Yami. The gang summon out their strongest monsters.  Dark Magician ,  Flame Swordsman ,  Thunder Kid  and  Dark Witch . Joey calls for his  Flame Swordsman  to attack, but just as he's about to strike, the  Medusa Worm  goes back underground. Just as Yami tells them to stay alert as the beast could be anywhere, a small pit forms behind them. Yami calls for an attack,  Dark Magician  striking and destroying the  Medusa Worm . Téa and Joey rejoice, thinking the test is over, but Yami tells them to listen as the voice starts to laugh. Strong winds blow as 4 more Worms appear from the ground. Two of the worms fire a dark liquid at the gang, who scatter. Joey calls for his  Flame Swordsman  to attack again, who slices one of the worms in half. Another worm gets behind  Dark Witch  who strikes back, also destroying a worm.  Thunder Kid  follows suit and destroys one more as 6 more worms are firing the dark liquid again. Joey realizes there are too many to fight and they still have to find the voice.
 The storm continues to grow, bringing forth a sandy tornado. Unable to fight or see, the gang just defends as the worms continue to attack. Tristan and Joey attack shadows in the sand walls, only to find out they attacked each other's monsters. The winds and sand engulf them further, enough that they can't even see their own monsters. The voice continues to tell them to give up as Yami notes that the voice is getting closer. Yugi reminds Yami that they need to silence the voice. Yami tells the rest of the gang to forget the worms and try to find the voice. Yami tries to goad the voice into coming out of hiding as the rest of the gang is hit by balls of the sludge from the worms. A worm appears behind Yami and goes to attack,  Dark Magician  swooping in and pulling Yami out of the way. Flying up above the storm,  Dark Magician  tells Yami that the small tornado above the storm is the source. Yugi remembers what the little girl said and a flashback occurs of her telling about the eye of the storm. Landing in front of  Flame Swordsman , Yami notes how everyone is turning to stone. Narrowly avoiding being hit by the sludge,  Dark Magician  destroys another worm.
 Knowing he'll need  Dark Magician , Yami returns him to capsule form. Yami and Yugi agree that they need to get to the center of the storm without risking losing  Dark Magician . Despite Yami's protests and negative thinking, Yugi says they need to trust in the  Heart of the Cards ... or capsules. They head on, running forward and avoiding the worms as they go. Managing to avoid being hit by sludge, Yami makes it to the center of the storm, the strength of the wind pushing him to his knees. With a short pep talk from Yugi, he carries on slowly. As he gets closer, he manages to see something inside the eye of the storm. Collapsing, Yami falls unconscious.
 A vision of a  masked figure  on a bright background appears to him, telling him that his armor is the key to getting to the eye by merging with his most trusted creature. Summoning forth  Dark Magician  again, Yugi activates the armor, fusing with  Dark Magician  to become the Dark Warrior. Spreading his newly acquired armor-wings, he surges forward, flying directly at the tornado at the center of the storm. As he does, he's attacked by a mass of  Medusa Worms , defeating them all very quickly. Enveloping himself in a purple aura of dark magic, he flies forward again, piercing through the tornado to reach the calm. Inside he finds a red-robed witch known as  Mystical Sand . Yami flies up to attack her as she calls forth demons from the wind itself to attack him, only to have them overpowered as he attacks each one on his way up. Finding that not to work, she summons forth a massive hand of dust and air, using it to grab hold of Yami. A moment passes before he breaks loose and continues his ascent. Upon reaching her, he blasts her with his staff, destroying her and dissipating the storm.
 The storm gone, Solomon walks over to the rest of the gang who are recovering from the petrifying sludge from the  Medusa Worms . Téa wonders where Yugi is, Joey calling for him just before spotting him on the top of a dune, still in the fused  Dark Magician  form. After a bit of conversation about Yami's vision of the  masked man , the fusion wears off, returning Yami back to his old armor. As he collapses from exhaustion, Téa holds him in her arms asking if he's alright. Yami switches back with Yugi. Solomon thinks that it wasn't just the battle, but activating the duel armor has sapped Yugi's energy.
 Tristan wonders where the village went but Téa notices a small shrine with some awfully familiar looking statues in it. They're of the little girl and the elder from the village. As Téa wonders about it all, a jewel in her pendant changes color from purple to a blood-red. A blast of sand shoots up beside them, revealing another door. Realizing this must be the way to the second trial, and that the pendant changed color because they completed the first trial, they walk into the portal of light. Joey wonders if someone who invented this game has a thing for walking into bright light. Tristan says he has to admit, it is dramatic.
 
 Trivia 
 This is the first episode in which a Duelist uses the Duel Armor merge.
 It appears to greatly strain the wearer if they're not accustomed to it. 
 As  Grandpa  keeps out of the fight, it means Summoned Skull was his only monster. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters episodes 
 
 #001 " Getting Played " #002 " Divide and Conquer " #003 " Reunited at Last " #004 " Fortress of Fear " 
 
 
 #005 " Eye of the Storm " #006 " Trial of Light and Shadow " #007 " Red-Eyes Black Curse " #008 " Fruits of Evolution " 
 
 
 #009 " The Fiendish Five - Part 1 " #010 " The Fiendish Five - Part 2 " #011 " The True King - Part 1 " #012 " The True King - Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Capmon005.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110519201804']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Capsule Monsters episodes