Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Harpie


 
 Harpie 
 ハーピィ  ( Hāpyi ) 
 
 
 
 
 Harpie Ladies " 1 ", " 2 " and " 3 " in the artwork of " Hysteric Party ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Harpy 
 
 
 Manga 
 
 English 
 Harpy 
 
 
 
 Anime 
 
 English 
 Harpy 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Harpie 
 
 
 German 
 Harpyie 
 
 
 Italian 
 Arpia 
 
 
 Korean 
 해피   Haepi   (romanized) Translation:  Happy 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Harpia 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Arpía 
 
 
 Other names 
 ; Arabic ذات المخالب Croatian Harpije 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Metal Raiders Rise of Destiny Structure Deck - Lord of the Storm Force of the Breaker Storm of Ragnarok Lord of the Tachyon Galaxy 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Eternal Duelist Soul promotional cards Dark Revelation Volume 3 Legendary Collection 4: Joey's World Mega Pack 2014 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Crossed Souls Duelist Saga Legendary Duelists: Sisters of the Rose Duel Power Toon Chaos Dragons of Legend: The Complete Series Speed Duel: Battle City Box Egyptian God Deck: Slifer the Sky Dragon Egyptian God Deck: Obelisk the Tormentor Hidden Arsenal: Chapter 1 Legendary Duelists: Season 3 Magnificent Mavens Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Expert Edition Volume 3 V Jump promotional cards Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Tag Force Special Legend Tag Guide promotional card 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 4 LINK VRAINS Pack 2 Rarity Collection Premium Gold Edition Prismatic Special Pack World Premiere Pack 2020 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.16 Premium Pack Vol.17 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Harpie " (ハーピィ  Hāpyi ) is an  archetype  composed of  WIND   Dragon  and  Winged Beast   monsters  used by  Mai Valentine  in the  anime  and  manga .
 " Sky Scout ", originally known as "Harpie's Brother", is not a Harpie card because it does not have 「ハーピィ」 in its Japanese name. It was renamed to clarify this.
 When "Harpies" were released (some of the first monsters released that would later become an official archetype), they didn't have much support. From  Rise of Destiny  onward, however, "Harpies" became more balanced and powerful with occasional support cards released.  Structure Deck: Lord of the Storm  and  Enemy of Justice  have aided this archetype with " Hysteric Party " and " Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon ", while also featuring a lot of other Harpie-related cards in it. Afterwards, " Harpie Queen " was released in  Force of the Breaker , providing ways to search for " Harpie's Hunting Ground ".
 With the release of  Lord of the Tachyon Galaxy , Harpies got some tremendous boost, while also solidifying the deck's focus of maintaining an upper hand and Xyz Summoning. " Harpie Channeler " is essentially the main card in all Harpie-based decks, as she can Special Summon another Harpie monster from the Deck while also assisting Xyz Summoning of Rank 4 or 7, while " Hysteric Sign " helps searching for either " Elegant Egotist " or any Harpie cards you may need, depending on how you use it. The Xyz Monster in this archetype, " Harpie's Pet Phantasmal Dragon " can protect your other Harpie monsters from attacks or targeting effects, along with a direct-attacking ability as well.
 Legendary Collection 4: Joey's World  also provides more support for this archetype (while also reprinting important Harpie-related cards as well). " Harpie Dancer "'s effect can be utilized for reaping more benefits from " Harpie's Hunting Ground ", or providing more swarming capabilities when coupled with " Divine Wind of Mist Valley ". They also have their ultimate Spell Card, " Harpie Lady Phoenix Formation ", which can decimate your opponent's field of monsters, but disallows you to Special Summon monsters from your Deck, Extra Deck and skipping your Battle Phase, making it a double-edged sword with hefty drawbacks.
 After those, in  Crossed Souls  the archetype got another support that was " Harpie Harpist ", whose second effect is great if used in combination with "Harpie Channeler"s effect.
 Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 4  adds in more support monsters and cards for the archetype, while  LINK VRAINS Pack 2  provides Harpie with its first Link Monster support in the form of " Harpie Conductor ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Maximum of 3 Rule 
 2   Media appearances 
 3   Design 
 4   Censorship 
 5   Playing style 
 6   Recommended cards 
 7   Weaknesses 
 
 
 Maximum of 3 Rule 
 " Harpie Lady 1 ", " Harpie Lady 2 ", " Harpie Lady 3 " and " Cyber Harpie Lady " have the  name condition  " (This card's name is always treated as "Harpie Lady".) ". Since they all have their name treated as "Harpie Lady" everywhere, including while in the player's  Deck , a player can only have a total of 3 of any of these cards and/or the  Normal Monster  "Harpie Lady" in their Main Deck and their  Side Deck  combined (for example, 1 "Harpie Lady", 1 "Cyber Harpie Lady", and 1 "Harpie Lady 2").
 "Harpie  Queen ", " Channeler ", " Dancer ", " Harpist ", “ Perfumer ” and “ Oracle ” each have an effect that treats their own name as "Harpie Lady" while they are on the field or in the Graveyard. However, since they are treated as their original name in the Deck, it is possible to have up to 3 of each in addition to 3 cards whose name is treated as "Harpie Lady" in the Deck.
 
 Media appearances 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime , the "Harpies" are the signature cards of  Mai Valentine . She often begins with one "Harpie" card and uses support cards to accessorize and multiply it.  Joey Wheeler  also used some "Harpie" cards as a reminder of his promise to save Mai from her  Penalty Game .
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX , during the  Duel Monsters Spirit Day ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Jasmine  and  Mindy   dress up  as the "Harpie Lady Sisters". 
 A "Harpie Lady" also appears as a  Duel Monster Spirit  and battles  Jesse Anderson  and his " Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus ". That same "Harpie Lady" later uses the effect of " Elegant Egotist " to multiply into 3, but they were defeated by "Sapphire Pegasus" and " Topaz Tiger ".
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time , at the site of  Maximillion Pegasus 's tournament, one of the spectators cosplays as a "Harpie Lady".
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Falsebound Kingdom , the Harpie Ladies are given names, each based on those of three Harpie sisters from Greek mythology:
 
 Harpie Lady 1  - Airo (from  Aello , "storm swift") 
 Harpie Lady 2  - Ocupete (from  Ocypete , "the swift wing") 
 Harpie Lady 3  - Keraino (from  Celaeno , "the dark") 
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force  series,  Jasmine  plays a "Harpie" Deck.
 
 Design 
 The archetype is inspired by the  Harpy , a legendary creature in Greek Mythology that was described as taking the form of a monstrous bird with the head of a woman, while other variations say that the Harpy was a rather beautiful female creature with bird-like talons. The Harpy would usually be blamed for the disappearances of civilians as it was said to kidnap its prey.
 The sexual suggestiveness of the archetype, mostly censored in the TCG, is inspired by the erotic culture of  BDSM  and Dominatrix, a reference to the archetype's first user Mai Valentine who used her sexuality, charm, and feminine wiles to gain advantage in a battle against male opponent early in the series, with many of the support cards being a reference to items and concepts used in this subculture. The artwork for many of the monsters depicts them in spandex or skin-tight outfits, a reference to latex and leather body suits used in BDSM culture for sexual purposes. " Cyber Shield " is known as Cyber Bondage in the OCG. The anime-only card " Rose Whip " is a reference to a whip usually playing a role as a sexual toy (this is more explicit in its manga/"real life" counterpart " Electro-Whip "), while " Harpie's Pet Dragon " is a reference to a  Gimp . Additionally, while Harpie originally started out in manga/anime as an archetype that focuses on power up one monster, reflecting Mai's lone nature, this had since changed to an archetype that focuses on swarming with Harpie members and protecting each other through their effects, reflecting Mai's changed attitude in accepting help and becoming friends with others, essentially making them stronger than before.
 
 Censorship 
         "Harpie Lady" in the Japanese version     
 Most "Harpie" cards in the international release of the game, including all language prints except Japanese, and in the anime have been edited to appear to wear bodysuits with their breast size reduced while in the Japanese versions they wear much more revealing clothing. " Cyber Harpie Lady " and "Harpie Lady Sisters" have had the spikes extruding from their armor removed due to the suggestiveness. However, some earlier printings of a few of the "Harpie" cards outside of Japan (specifically the original "Harpie Lady" and "Harpie Girl") were printed without being censored. The breast size reduction have since been abolished post " Legendary Duelists: Sisters of the Rose ", however.
 
 Playing style 
 "Harpies" combine the ability to be rapidly summoned, to destroy the opponent's Spell and Trap Cards, to increase each others attack points, to enhance their individual abilities, and to protect each other. They do not have the ability to destroy Spell and Trap cards innately, but their Field Spell Card, " Harpies' Hunting Ground " allows them to destroy one Spell or Trap Card when a "Harpie Lady" card is Summoned in any way. They can be Summoned from the Graveyard in large numbers through the effect of "Hysteric Party". Their support cards, " Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon " and " Harpie's Pet Dragon ", rapidly gain power (" Harpie's Pet Dragon ") or utility (" Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon ") depending on how many Harpie Lady cards you control. Properly played, "Harpies" can overwhelm the opponent in moments with high attack power and powerful effects, but they are not strong individually, so they are vulnerable to opponents who can overpower them, or destroy all of them at once.
 Post- Lord of the Tachyon Galaxy , the deck now centered around Xyz Summoning, utilizing cards like " Harpie Channeler ", " Elegant Egotist ",  Summoner Monk ", and " Hysteric Party " to Summon multiple Harpies as fast as possible, and perform multiple Xyz Summons (mainly Rank 4 and Rank 7). Some popular Xyz Monsters found in most Harpie decks including, but not limited to, " Ice Beast Zerofyne ", " Lightning Chidori ", " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK ", " Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer " and occasionally " Number 11: Big Eye ", " Number 42: Galaxy Tomahawk "(OCG only) and " Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack ". Some players also include " Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite " to promote their swarming power for more Xyz Summons.
 To keep their onslaught running, they also utilize " Hysteric Sign " for searching more Harpie cards and maintain card advantages in their favor, while using " Harpie's Hunting Ground " and " Icarus Attack " as control measures to destroy any obstacles your opponent may utilize. " Harpie's Feather Storm " is one of the archetype most dangerous cards due to its ability to shut down most of your opponent's play for that turn by disallowing them to activate any monster's effect, as well as being searchable through "Hysteric Sign" and " Trap Trick " while also can be activate from hand if the player controls at least one Harpie monster.
 With the release of " Harpie's Feather Rest ", " Harpie Perfumer ", and " Harpie Oracle " the Deck now has a means of draw, search, and recovery power, alongside " Swallow's Nest ". All three stated cards also gain additional effect if the player control Level 5 or higher Harpie Monster, making it now viable (and recommended) to run at least one copy of " Harpie Lady Sisters " due to easy access to Elegant Egotist.
 Because the deck can swarm very quickly, Link monsters such as “ Borreload Dragon ” and “ Saryuja Skull Dread ” can be rather easy to bring out. This problem was alleviated with the release of “ Harpie Conductor ”, which tutors the effects of their support cards while also providing protection. 
 The archetype first Synchro Monster,  Cyber Slash Harpie Lady  can be easily summoned through her own condition without the need of proper Tuner Monster. She also fulfills the condition of Level 5 or higher Harpie Monster, as well as having a powerful and versatile effect of bouncing opponent's monster whenever a Spell/Trap Card or effect is activated once per turn, allowing Harpie to get rid of the oppenent's boss monsters easily.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Harpie Girl  (if using "Rescue Rabbit") 
 Harpie Lady 
 Phantom Gryphon 
 Sky Scout 
 Effect Monsters 
 Alector, Sovereign of Birds 
 Barrier Statue of the Stormwinds 
 Birdface 
 Cyber Harpie Lady 
 Harpie Channeler 
 Harpie Dancer 
 Harpie Harpist 
 Harpie Lady 1 
 Harpie Lady 2 
 Harpie Lady 3 
 Harpie Lady Sisters 
 Harpie Oracle 
 Harpie Perfumer 
 Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon 
 Harpie's Pet Dragon 
 Harpie Queen 
 Rescue Rabbit 
 Sacred Crane 
 Summoner Monk 
 Tempest, Dragon Ruler of Storms 
 Windrose the Elemental Lord 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dragunity Darkspear 
 Mist Valley Soldier Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Cyber Slash Harpie Lady 
 Dragunity Knight - Trident 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer 
 Daigusto Phoenix  (if using "Rescue Rabbit" and "Harpie Girl") 
 Harpie's Pet Phantasmal Dragon 
 Ice Beast Zerofyne 
 Lightning Chidori 
 Mecha Phantom Beast Dracossack 
 Number 11: Big Eye 
 Number 42: Galaxy Tomahawk 
 Number 74: Master of Blades 
 Number 82: Heartlandraco 
 Queen Dragun Djinn 
 Raidraptor - Arsenal Falcon 
 Tornado Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Borreload Dragon 
 Greatfly 
 Harpie Conductor 
 Saryuja Skull Dread 
 Wynn the Wind Charmer, Verdant Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Alluring Mirror Spirit 
 Divine Wind of Mist Valley 
 Elegant Egotist 
 Harpie's Feather Duster  (Traditional Format) 
 Harpie's Feather Rest 
 Hidden Armory  (if using any of the following)
 Chthonian Alliance 
 Cyber Shield 
 Moon Mirror Shield 
 Phalanx Pike 
 Symbol of Heritage 
 Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Hysteric Sign 
 Quill Pen of Gulldos 
 Rising Air Current 
 Smoke Grenade of the Thief 
 Swallow's Nest 
 Terraforming 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Triangle Ecstasy Spark 
 Traps 
 Aqua Chorus 
 Harpie's Feather Storm 
 Harpie Lady Elegance 
 Hysteric Party 
 Icarus Attack 
 Magical Hats 
 Phoenix Wing Wind Blast 
 Skill Prisoner 
 Three of a Kind 
 Trap Trick 
 Weaknesses 
 Despite the many powerful combos that "Harpies" are capable of, there are still weaknesses within this archetype that can be capitalized on. For instance, most "Harpie" monsters, except "Cyber Harpie Lady", "Harpie Queen", "Harpie's Pet Dragon" and "Harpie's Pet Phantasmal Dragon" are generally low in original ATK, making them unsuitable in battle against most high-ATK monsters.
 Since this archetype have emphasis on rapid Special Summoning, anti-Special Summoning cards like " Vanity's Emptiness " and " Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo " can be hazardous against this Deck. " El Shaddoll Winda " can also pose problems as well (albeit " Hysteric Party " can somewhat bypass this).
 Most Harpie-based decks rely on either " Summoner Monk " and/or " Harpie Channeler " to Summon more monsters from the Deck, and without those cards, this deck cannot survive for long, nor accumulating speed for offense, which means effect negations such as " Effect Veiler " or " Breakthrough Skill ", or disruption cards like " Book of Moon " and " Solemn Warning " are very effective against them during early game stage. Since they mostly focused on Xyz Summons, " Flying "C" " can shut down the Deck's aggressive stance, and " Thunder King Rai-Oh " can blocks the effects of " Hysteric Sign ", slowing them down.
 
   
" Harpie " 「ハーピィ」 Members 
 Cyber Harpie Lady Cyber Slash Harpie Lady Harpie Channeler Harpie Conductor Harpie Dancer Harpie Girl Harpie Harpist Harpie Lady Harpie Lady 1 Harpie Lady 2 Harpie Lady 3 Harpie Lady Sisters Harpie Oracle Harpie Perfumer Harpie Queen Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon Harpie's Pet Dragon Harpie's Pet Dragon - Fearsome Fire Blast Harpie's Pet Phantasmal Dragon Toon Harpie Lady 
 Harpie Lady Elegance Harpie Lady Phoenix Formation Harpie's Feather Duster Harpie's Feather Rest Harpie's Feather Storm Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Support 
 Cyber Slash Harpie Lady Harpie Channeler Harpie Conductor Harpie Oracle Harpie Perfumer Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon Harpie's Pet Dragon - Fearsome Fire Blast Harpie's Pet Phantasmal Dragon 
 Alluring Mirror Split Harpie Lady Elegance Harpie's Feather Rest Harpie's Feather Storm Hysteric Sign 
 Related 
 Birdface Phantom Gryphon Swift Birdman Joe 
 Cyber Shield Elegant Egotist Gryphon Wing Gryphon's Feather Duster Hysteric Party Shadow of Eyes Toon World Triangle Ecstasy Spark 
 
 v e 
" Harpie " 「ハーピィ」 a   Members 
 Cyber Harpie Harpie Girl Harpie Lady Harpie Lady Phoenix Formation Harpie Lady Sisters Harpie Lady Sparrow Formation Harpie's Feather Duster Harpie's Feather Storm Harpie's Pet Dragon Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Support 
 Harpie's Feather Storm 
 Related 
 Aero Nail Cyber Shield Elegant Egotist Rose Whip 
 
 v e 
 Harpie  ハーピィ m   Members 
 Harpies' Pet Dragon Harpy Lady Harpy Lady 2 Harpy Lady 3 Harpy Lady Sisters Harpy Queens Harpy's Feather Duster 
 Related 
 Cyber Bondage Kaleidoscope 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e6/HystericParty-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120611231214', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/HarpieLady-JP-Anime-DM-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140717004713']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)