Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Officer_Tetsu_Trudge_(Duel_Links)


 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 牛尾哲 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Trudge Deck Security Patrol Security Blocker Security Montage Security Dragon Special Pursuit Deck 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Dan Green 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Koji Ochiai 
 
 
 
 Officer  Tetsu Trudge  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Tetsu Trudge , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 Prior to March 5, 2019, he was exclusive to the  special event   Sector Security on the Move! Officer Tetsu Trudge , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 Yellow  Gate Keys  are normally required to Duel Tetsu Trudge at the  Gate . During the special event, Security Badges are required instead.
 He appears in-game after the player reaches Stage 6 of 5D's Duel World, at which point his Character Unlock Missions become available.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Tetsu Unlock Event: Sector Security on the Move! 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Level 50 
 
 
 3.3   Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 
 3.3.1   Stardust Cup 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 As the Chief of  Sector Security , Trudge has a strong sense of justice. It's unfortunate that he also has a strong sense of rude behavior. Trudge used to look upon  Satellite  citizens as garbage, but  Yusei's  heroism made him reevaluate his views. His Police Deck is a Sector Security staple - with his ace " Goyo Guardian " locking up countless criminals
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Profile (possessed) Cut-In (possessed) Summoning pose (possessed) Defeat (possessed) 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Trudge Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth  x3 
 Hard Armor  x3 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Oni Tank T-34  x3 
 Rhaimundos of the Red Sword  x3 
 The Judgement Hand  x3 
 Science Soldier 
 Water Spirit 
 Tetsu Unlock Event: Sector Security on the Move! 
 Level 10 
 
 Security Patrol Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Doron  x3 
 Eyearmor  x3 
 Hard Armor  x2 
 Kagemusha of the Blue Flame  x3 
 Science Soldier  x3 
 The Judgement Hand  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Patrol Robo  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Goyo Chaser 
 Level 20 
 
 Security Blocker Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Kagemusha of the Blue Flame  x3 
 The Judgement Hand  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Dog  x2 
 Guard Dog  x3 
 Mad Reloader  x2 
 Pursuit Chaser  x3 
 Tactical Espionage Expert  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Stygian Security Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Goyo Predator Spells   &  Traps  (2) 
 Traps 
 Broken Blocker 
 Regretful Rebirth 
 Level 30 
 
 Security Montage Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blocker  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Dog  x3 
 Gonogo  x2 
 Handcuffs Dragon  x2 
 Guard Dog 
 Montage Dragon 
 Search Striker  x3 
 Wind-Up Dog  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (3) 
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 Regretful Rebirth  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Security Dragon Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Dog  x3 
 Handcuffs Dragon 
 Samurai Sword Baron  x3 
 Stygian Street Patrol  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Jutte Fighter  x3 
 Torapart Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Goyo Guardian 
 Goyo Predator Spells  (0) &  Traps  (6) 
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 Security Orb 
 Regretful Rebirth  x2 
 Wiretap  x2 
 Level 50 
 
 Special Pursuit Deck Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Dog  x3 
 Gate Blocker 
 Gonogo  x2 
 Samurai Sword Baron  x3 
 Search Striker  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Jutte Fighter  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Goyo Guardian 
 Goyo Predator Spells  (0) &  Traps  (6) 
 Traps 
 Dust Tornado 
 Security Orb 
 Regretful Rebirth  x2 
 Wiretap  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament (Third event) 
 Stardust Cup 
 
 Sector Security on the Move (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Overdrive  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Assault Dog  x3 
 Guard Dog  x3 
 Pursuit Chaser  x2 
 Tactical Espionage Expert  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Torapart Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Goyo Guardian Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Regretful Rebirth  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Tetsu Trudge reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Handcuffs Dragon "
 
 
 4
 
 Let's Go Goyo! ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Tetsu Trudge)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Torapart "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Tetsu Trudge)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Handcuffs Dragon "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Pursuit Chaser "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Reinforcement ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Torapart "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Pursuit Chaser "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Handcuffs Dragon "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Respect My Authority! ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Torapart "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Jutte Fighter "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Pursuit Chaser "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Tetsu Trudge)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Montage Dragon "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Goyo Defender "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Goyo Defender "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Tetsu Trudge, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Goyo Chaser "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Jutte Fighter "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Search Striker "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Samurai Sword Baron "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gate Blocker "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Handcuffs Dragon "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Assault Dog "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Intercept "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Gatekeeper "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Blocker "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Let's Go Goyo!
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 " Jutte Fighter " to your deck. Then add 1 "  Goyo Guardian " to your Extra deck.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Respect My Authority!
 
 Until the end of the turn, 1 Synchro Monster you control whose original name includes "Goyo" will gain 500 ATK for each monster you control that you are not the original owner of. This Skill can be used once per turn.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Parole!
 
 Select 1 monster you control that was Special Summoned from your opponent's Graveyard. Return the selected monster to your opponent's Deck, and recover Liofe Points equal to the original ATK of the returned monster. This Skill can only be used once per turn and up to twice per duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 You're Under Arrest!
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 random " Goyo " monsters to your Extra deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Beatdown
 
 Until the end of the turn, increase the ATK of all face-up Level 5 or higher monsters you control by the number of Level 5 or higher monsters you control times 300. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your draw phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 life points. This Skill can only be used three times per duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increase your starting life points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increase your starting life points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Trudge announces "I'm taking you down to the brig for questioning!"
 When he loses the Duel, Trudge says "Yusei...The day I met you was the day my life changed." 
 Jack Atlas 
 When Trudge loses a Duel against  Jack Atlas , he says "Ahhh!" followed by "No, I should be faster than the Master of Faster!" 
 Leo 
 When starting a Duel with  Leo , Trudge announces "I won't take it easy just cuz you're a juvie, Leo!"
 When he wins the Duel, Trudge says "Huh...Kids these days..." 
 When he loses the Duel, Trudge says "Argh...How can a kid speed through my strategies?" 
 Luna 
 When Trudge loses a Duel against  Luna , he says "Heh, your unexpectedly skilled for your age." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Trudge Summons " Goyo Guardian ", he chants  "I'll arrest you with this!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Trudge briefly appears, and he announces "Join the ranks, Goyo Guardian!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Goyo Guardian" during that Duel, a cut-scene of "Goyo Guardian" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Finish 'em, Goyo Guardian!" followed by "Goyo Lariat!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use Goyo Guardian's effect to arrest you!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Goyo Emperor ", he chants  "This monster will make you crash and burn!"  followed by  "Fusion Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Trudge briefly appears, and he announces "Bow down before the ultimate authority figure!" followed by "Goyo Emperor!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Goyo Emperor, attack!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Goyo Emperor's effect!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Goyo King ", he chants  "End of the line, lawbreaker!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Trudge briefly appears, and he announces "Level 8 Goyo King!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Goyo King! Show 'em why you rule all!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Goyo King, do your thing!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Stygian Sergeants ", a cut-in frame of Trudge briefly appears, and he announces "Come out, Stygian Sergeants!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Stygian Sergeants!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "It's not over! Stygian Sergeants is coming right back at ya!" 
 When Tetsu Summons " Goyo Chaser ", he chants  "This monster always gets his suspect!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Trudge's face briefly appears, and he announces "Level 5 Goyo Chaser!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Goyo Chaser attacks!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Goyo Chaser's effect activates!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Goyo Defender ", he chants  "Many have tried to escape, but all have failed!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Trudge's face briefly appears, and he announces "Level 3 Goyo Defender! Reporting for duty!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Goyo Defender! Attack!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Goyo Defender's effect!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Goyo Predator ", he chants  "To catch my prey, I call a predator!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Trudge's face briefly appears, and he announces "Level 6 Goyo Predator!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Goyo Predator, hunt 'em down!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Goyo Predator's effect!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Handcuffs Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Trudge's face briefly appears, and he announces "My Level 5 monster, Handcuffs Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Do it, Handcuffs Dragon! Put 'em in lock down!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Handcuffs Dragon equips onto your monster and weakens it!" 
 When Tetsu Summons " Montage Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Trudge's face briefly appears, and he announces "I send these to the grave to Special Summon Montage Dragon!" followed by "And each monster gives 300 ATK per Level!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Montage Dragon!" followed by "Power Collage!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Assault Dog ", he announces "Charge, Assault Dog!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Assault Dog, bite a piece outta 'em!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "You destroyed my Assault Dog but my canine's effect activates!" followed by "I can whistle up more Assault Dogs from my Deck!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Gate Blocker ", he announces "This will change the outcome of this Duel, Gate Blocker!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gate Blocker attacks!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Gonogo ", he announces "Here comes Gonogo!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Gonogo!" followed by "Flatten 'em!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Battle Gonogo, and you switch to face-down Defense Position!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Guard Dog ", he announces "Come out, Guard Dog!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Guard Dog, attack!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Guard Dog's effect!" followed by "You can't Special Summon this turn!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Healing Wave Generator ", he announces "Welcome, Healing Wave Generator!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Healing Wave Generator attacks!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I'll use Healing Wave Generator to restore my Life Points! Starlight Wave! Oh yeah, my strength's coming back!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Jutte Fighter ", he announces "Here's the Tuner Monster, Jutte Fighter!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Jutte Fighter!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Watch Jutte Fighter use it's effect!" 
 When Tetsu Summons " Pursuit Chaser ", he announces "This will track you down! Pursuit Chaser!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Pursuit Chaser, attack!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Pursuit Chaser's effect activates!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Samurai Sword Baron ", he announces "Come here, Samurai Sword Baron!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Samurai Sword Baron!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I'm using Samurai Sword Baron's effect!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Search Striker ", he announces "Here's Search Striker!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em, Search Striker!" followed by "Clever Strike!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Search Striker's effect activates!" 
 When Tetsu Summons " Shield Worm ", he announces "Come on out, Shield Worm!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shield Worm attacks!" 
 When Tetsu activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Shield Worm's effect activates!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Stygian Security ", he announces "Stygian Security on control!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stygian Security, attack!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stygian Security's effect activates!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Stygian Street Patrol ", he announces "Let's do this, Stygian Street Patrol!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Stygian Street Patrol attacks!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Stygian Street Patrol's effect activates!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Torapart ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Torapart!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Torapart attacks!" 
 When Tetsu Summons " Tactical Espionage Expert ", he announces "This guy's the ticket! Tactical Espionage Expert!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tactical Espionage Expert, attack!" 
 When Trudge Summons " Warm Worm ", he announces "Squirm in, Warm Worm!"
 Most of the time when Trudge declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Warm Worm attacks!" 
 When Trudge activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Warm Worm's effect activates!" followed by "Send the top 3 cards of your Deck to the Graveyard!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Trudge activates " Broken Blocker ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card! Broken Blocker!" followed by "Don't mess with the law!" 
 When Trudge activates " Dust Tornado ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Dust Tornado!" 
 When Trudge activates " Greed ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Greed!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Trudge announces "Greed's effect activates! It's raining money! Coins, silver, gold. Cha-chin!" 
 When Trudge activates " Inspection ", he announces "You think you can smuggle anything pass Sector Security? I activate the Continuous Spell! Inspection!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Trudge announces "Time for your inspection, Show me your hand!" 
 When Trudge activates " Intercept ", he announces "Hahaha! Caught ya! My Counter Trap activates! Intercept!" followed by "Your monster's mine!" 
 When Trudge activates " Regretful Rebirth ", he announces "I activate the Trap! Regretful Rebirth!" 
 When Trudge activates " Sakuretsu Armor ", he announces "Big mistake! I activate the Trap, Sakuretsu Armor!" 
 When Trudge activates " Security Orb ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Security Orb!" 
 When Trudge activates " Wiretap ", he announces "The Trap Card, Wiretap!" followed by "It negates a Trap, and sends it back to the Deck!" 
 When Trudge activates " Worm Bait ", he announces "My Spell Card, Worm Bait!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Trudge activates " The Forceful Checkpoint ", he announces "Before you attack, I'm investigating your hand!" followed by "I activate my Trap! The Forceful Checkpoint!" 
 Trivia 
 Initially, Tetsu Trudge did not have a cutscene for " Goyo Guardian ". As of January 17, 2019, a cutscene for "Goyo Guardian" has been made available when summoned by Tetsu Trudge. 
 The inclusion of " Greed " as card-specific dialogue references the  Penalty Game  Trudge was given in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! manga . 
 Trudge has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Jack Atlas ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski , and  Luna .
 Starting the Duel: "It’s MY duty to protect New Domino City! Not YOU vagrants!" 
 Winning: "The citizens shouldn’t rely on you hoodlums." followed by "Not when they can count on me to protect New Domino City!" 
 Trudge has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine ,  Rex Goodwin ,  Primo ,  Aporia  and  Paradox .
 Starting the Duel: "Those kids don't have the authority to keep the peace! I do!" followed by "And this officer's arresting ya!" 
 Winning: "The citizens are under my protection!" followed by "So I won't let you drive around causing chaos!" 
 Losing: "Security isn't permitted to lose against you..." 
 Trudge has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Mai Valentine  and  Ishizu Ishtar .
 Starting the Duel: "... Blush." 
 Winning: "Did I impress you? You must adore a man in uniform." 
 Losing: "You're as tough as the law! I like that!" 
 When Trudge loses a Duel against Crow Hogan or Akiza Izinski, he says "Rrrmp. Kids grow up so quickly these days."
 Trudge had the same dialogue when Dueling against Luna, but it was changed as of January 17, 2019. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler ,  Yuma and Astral , Reginald Kastle,  Bronk Stone ,  Tori Meadows , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Kalin Kessler, and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo, and Tetsu Trudge are the characters that have character-specific dialogue for Legendary Duelists outside of their respective  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series'. 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Aigami, Yusei Fudo, Tetsu Trudge, and Kite Tenjo are the characters who have Summoning chants for Monster Cards that aren't  Synchro  and  Xyz . 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers , Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba, Aigami,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 v e 
 Tetsu Trudge  (Tetsu Ushio / Demitrius) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2f/OfficerTetsuTrudge-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20181031034430', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Profile-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudge.png/revision/latest?cb=20181029193234', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/Icon-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudge.png/revision/latest?cb=20181029193844', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Icon-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudge2.png/revision/latest?cb=20181029194437', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/Chibi-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudge.png/revision/latest?cb=20191231165835', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/CutIn-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudge.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20181029194252', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/Summoning-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudge.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20181029194702', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Defeat-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudge.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20181029191655', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f0/Profile-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudgePossessed.png/revision/latest?cb=20200501172812', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/CutIn-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudgePossessed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200504024429', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/44/Summoning-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudgePossessed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200502143009', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/Defeat-DULI-OfficerTetsuTrudgePossessed.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200504022457', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Tetsu Trudge pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters