Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Shark_(archetype)


 
 Shark 
 シャーク  ( Shāku ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Hammer Shark ", " Spear Shark " and " Double Shark " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 鯊 
 
 
 French 
 Requin 
 
 
 German 
 Stung 
 
 
 Italian 
 Squalo 
 
 
 Korean 
 샤크   Syakeu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Tubarão 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Tiburón 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Shark " (シャーク  Shāku ) is an  archetype  used by  Reginald Kastle / Nash  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime and  manga . Most of them are  Level  3 to 5  WATER  and/or  Fish  monsters. Many have swarm effects, allowing easy Summoning of  Rank  3-5 monsters. They are only  supported  as an archetype in the anime and manga.
 
 Design 
 Original members of the archetype had no common theme among them. However, from the Zexal era onward most of the monsters are designed after various tools and weapons; like  spear ,  saber  and  hammer . Most of the Xyz bosses of the Archetype are Sea-Serpents, so they display dragon-like features in them.  
 
 Playing style 
 "Shark" monsters (except for " Scrap Shark ", " Shark Fortress " and " Corroding Shark ") are all WATER, and few of them, notably " Metabo-Shark " and " Scrap Shark ", sport decent to high  ATK  at low  Levels , allowing them to start out as beaters when Summoned and letting them battle outside the  Extra Deck . 
 However the true strengths of the archetype lie in a combination of Swarming and Level-manipulation effects which allows them to Summon  Rank  3 to 5  Xyz Monsters .
The archetype is built for aggression and swarming, and a fast-paced Deck can be built by using the swarm effects of the Sharks and complementing them with generic  WATER  support and other  Fish  monsters like “ Silent Angler ”, “ Beautunaful Princess ”, and " Xyz Remora " for various Xyz Summons in one turn.
 It is actually quite easy to pull combos with this Deck, since the swarming effects have little restrictions or setbacks apart from limiting Xyz Summoning to WATER monsters. Some of the most basic combos include  Normal Summoning  " Hammer Shark " and then use its effect to Special Summon any Level 3 WATER monster (alternatively " Shark Stickers " can be used) for the Xyz Summon of a Rank 3 Xyz Monster, using " Double-Fin Shark " to summon a Fish from the graveyard for an instant Rank 4 Xyz (though only WATER) or using “ Buzzsaw Shark ” to search the Deck for another monster, then Xyz Summon a Rank 4 or 5 Xyz.
 The Xyz Monsters of the deck have effects focused on Beatdown tactics. A rather potent combo is to use the effect of " Bahamut Shark " to Special Summon “ Toadally Awesome ” in order to restrict the opponent’s plays and at the same time recover resources. Other targets for Bahamut’s effect are " Number 47: Nightmare Shark " which through its own effect can gain Xyz materials and allow for a direct attack, “ Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction ” which in combination with “ Creature Swap ” restricts the opponent’s Special Summons and also damages them each turn, and “ Number 71: Rebarian Shark ” which can then be used for the summon of " Full Armored Black Ray Lancer " and searches for “ Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh One ”.  
 "Full Armored Black Ray Lancer" on its own has a powerful backrow removal effect, while “ Valiant Shark Lancer ”, " Number 73: Abyss Splash " and " Number 94: Crystalzero " can take care of annoying enemy monsters. Valiant Shark in particular can use materials from other allied Xyz Monsters to activate its effect.
 The original Boss Monster of the Deck, " Number 32: Shark Drake " and its evolved form, " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss ”, can act as finishers since they have effects focused on reducing the opponent’s attack to chow down the opponent’s LP. Other cards that support this strategy are " Shark Fortress ", which protects your own monsters and can allow any monster to attack twice during the Battle Phase, “ Shark Caesar ”, which can increase its attack each turn and the aforementioned "Number 47: Nightmare Shark" with its Direct Attack effect.  Though not very viable being a Rank 2 Xyz monster, “ Cat Shark ” can double the attack of a Xyz monster, making the previous combos even more deadly, and the “ Nimble ” Fish cards can help in its summon.
 One in-Deck "boss monster" can be found in " Hyper-Ancient Shark Megalodon " who sports the highest original ATK in the entire archetype (2900) and whose effect  destroys  a monster when it inflicts  battle damage , further pushing the aggressiveness of the archetype, though it doesn’t support the overall Xyz strategy. 
 Though not Shark monsters themselves, " Number 101: Silent Honor ARK " and its evolved form " Number C101: Silent Honor DARK " are great support for the archetype as they allow for cheap monster removal and have protection effects for themselves.
 
 
 
 Recommended Cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Great White 
 Effect Monsters 
 Abyss Shark 
 Abyssal Kingshark 
 Beautunaful Princess 
 Buzzsaw Shark 
 Crystal Shark 
 Cyber Shark 
 Depth Shark 
 Double Fin Shark 
 Double Shark 
 Eagle Shark 
 Friller Rabca 
 Gazer Shark 
 Hammer Shark 
 Lantern Shark 
 Left-Hand Shark 
 Lifeless Leaffish 
 Mermaid Shark 
 Metabo-Shark 
 Panther Shark 
 Piwraithe the Ghost Pirate 
 Rescue Rabbit 
 Right-Hand Shark 
 Saber Shark 
 Shark Cruiser 
 Shark Stickers 
 Sharkraken 
 Silent Angler 
 Spear Shark 
 Xyz Remora Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Bahamut Shark 
 Black Ray Lancer 
 Full Armored Black Ray Lancer 
 Full Armored Crystalzero Lancer 
 Number 32: Shark Drake 
 Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss 
 Number 37: Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark 
 Number 47: Nightmare Shark 
 Number 71: Rebarian Shark 
 Number 101: Silent Honor ARK 
 Number C101: Silent Honor DARK 
 Shark Caesar 
 Shark Fortress 
 Submersible Carrier Aero Shark 
 Valiant Shark Lancer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 A Legendary Ocean 
 Dark Hole 
 Forbidden Lance 
 Instant Fusion 
 Magellanica, the Deep Sea City 
 Moray of Greed 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Rank-Up-Magic Quick Chaos 
 Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh One 
 Salvage 
 Surface 
 Twin Twisters 
 Torpedo Takedown 
 Umiiruka 
 White Mirror 
 Whitefish Salvage 
 Traps 
 Back to the Front 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device 
 Dimensional Prison 
 Fish Depth Charge 
 Mirror Force 
 The Ice-Bound God 
 Torrential Tribute 
 White Howling 
 Xyz Reborn 
 Xyz Revive Splash 
 Weaknesses 
 Most main deck monsters have effects that activate only when they are Normal Summoned or require an existing WATER monster on the field to be Special Summoned. Indeed, most of the archetype’s opening plays depend of the first Normal Summon, so cards that negate it can stop the Deck in its tracks, making it the most vulnerable in the second turn.  Teching in " Double Summon " or " Ultimate Offering " (though the latter is now Forbidden) to help alleviate this risk can be effective. 
 Since the deck supports an aggressive strategy, it is susceptible to monster removal effects. Cards like " Sea Lord's Amulet " can prevent your WATER monsters from being destroyed by your opponent’s card effects. 
 “ Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring ” and “ Infinite Impermanence ”, still being around in the current metagame represent serious threats one must be wary off, since they can counter the Deck’s main play enablers like “Buzzsaw Shark”, “Double Fin Shark”, “Beautunaful Princess” and “Bahamut Shark” on the first turn. 
 Perhaps one of the most notable weaknesses the Deck always had was the variety of Ranks its Xyz monster pool possesses, which required careful management of the ratios of level 3, 4 and 5 main deck monsters the player includes in the deck, though with the release of new support which lets level 4 monsters be used as Rank 3 or 5 materials, this issue has been somewhat mitigated. 
 
 
 v e 
" Shark " 「シャーク」 a   Members 
 Boom Shark Cutter Shark Depth Shark Doppelganger Shark Double Fin Shark Double Shark Dream Shark Eagle Shark Gazer Shark Hammer Shark Hide and Shark Hyper-Ancient Shark Megalodon Mermaid Shark Number 32: Shark Drake Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss Panther Shark Saber Shark Scrap Shark Shark Caesar Shark Fortress Shark Lair Shark Spark Shark Splash Shark Stickers Sharkraken Spear Shark Submersible Carrier Aero Shark 
 Support 
 Hide and Shark Mermaid Shark Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss Shark Fortress Shark Splash Sharkify 
 
 v e 
" Shark " 「シャーク」 m   Members 
 Bahamut Shark Cat Shark Left-Hand Shark No. 37 - Hope Woven Dragon Spider Shark No. 47: Nightmare Shark Right-Hand Shark Saber Shark Spear Shark Submarine Tender Aero Shark 
 Support 
 Flash Fang 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Level4Sharks.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140612195904']
Categories: Archetypes, Anime and manga only archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s)