Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Crimson_Dragon


 
 The Crimson Dragon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Ultimaya Tzolkin 
 
 
 
 English name 
 The Crimson Dragon 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 赤き竜 
 
 
 German name  
 Feuerroter Drache Legendärer Roter Drache 
 
 
 
 
 Age 
 At least ten thousand years old 
 
 
 Gender 
 Unknown 
 
 
 
 
 Occupation 
 Protector of the Cosmos Deity of the World 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 5: " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 The  Crimson Dragon  (赤き竜,  Akakiryu ) is an almighty cosmic entity made of pure sacred fire. It is the physical embodiment and cosmic manifestation of the mighty  Dragon Star  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 2.2.1   Fortune Cup 
 2.2.2   Dark Signers 
 2.2.3   Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.2.4   World Racing Grand Prix 
 2.2.5   Ark Cradle 
 2.2.6   Team 5D's future 
 
 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 2.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 3   Manga 
 4   Abilities 
 5   References 
 
 
 Appearance 
 The Crimson Dragon is a giant winged Aztec dragon, with a glowing red body. It has five fingers, similar to humans, bird-like legs, a long tail and neck and gold-colored eyes. On the end of its tail is a shovel-like dagger.
 
 Biography 
 History 
       The Crimson Dragon and  its servants  battling  Red Nova .     
 Ten thousand years before the present day events, the mighty Crimson Dragon along with  Ancient Fairy Dragon ,  Black Rose Dragon ,  Black-Winged Dragon ,  Red Dragon Archfiend  and  Stardust Dragon  fought the Crimson Devil,  Red Nova . [1] 
 During the battle, the  Legendary Signer  came forward from the ashes of a volcano and absorbed the Crimson Dragon's vast and limitless power through  Blazing Soul , and used it to defeat and seal the Crimson Devil. [1] 
 
       The Crimson Dragon and  its servants  battling the  Earthbound Immortals .     
 5,000 years before present day events, the  People of the Stars , called upon the  Dragon Star  for aid to save their lands from the  Earthbound Immortals  that threatened the peace of their civilization. The Dragon Star answered their call and came down from the heavens in the form of the Crimson Dragon. [2] 
 The Crimson Dragon had fought the Earthbound Immortals, with the help of its  Five Servants . However, instead of Black-Winged Dragon,  Life Stream Dragon  was present. The dragons managed to seal the Earthbound Immortals within the  Nazca Lines , but  Ancient Fairy Dragon  was lost during the battle, as  Earthbound Immortal Uru  dragged the dragon with it when it was sealed. [3] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Fortune Cup 
       The Crimson Dragon, during  Jack  and  Yusei's  Duel.     
 The Crimson Dragon reappeared during  Yusei Fudo  and  Jack Atlas 's Duel when " Stardust Dragon " and " Red Dragon Archfiend " battled. [4] 
 In their later rematch, the Crimson Dragon appeared again. However, everyone was there to witness it and with the four  Signers  present at the  Fortune Cup , its appearance was more defined than the last time. Each  birthmark  was clearly represented and the dragon's head also changed. During the Duel, the legendary Dragon God transported Yusei, Jack,  Luna  and  Akiza  into an alternate dimension and showed a disturbing vision in which  Satellite  was being destroyed by an unknown force and in its place, a  Dark Mark  which resembled the Spider appeared. [5] 
 
 Dark Signers 
 The Red Dragon God showed itself once again to the four Signers at  Rex Goodwin 's home. Goodwin then revealed to them a secret that concerned the Red Dragon. It was able to influence fate itself, which is what led to the events that brought the Signers together. [6] 
 After the  King of the Netherworld  was finally revived and headed toward  New Domino City , where the Condor Geoglyph was, the Dragon God appeared in the sky, and took the Signers, along with their companions, to where the ultimate fight would be held. [7] 
 After Yusei defeated Goodwin in the Shadow Turbo Duel, the Crimson Dragon arrived, and used " Majestic Star Dragon " to gain physical form, and destroyed the King of the Netherworld by flying through it. It disappeared after that. [8] 
 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix 
 The Dragon appeared toward the conclusion of the Duel between  Leo  and Luna against  Lester . As Lester's " Meklord Emperor Skiel "  attacked  Leo and caused him to be blown off the riding lane, the Dragon shot a sphere from its claw that engulfed Leo, saving him from the fall. After this, it disappeared. The  Three Pure Nobles  were surprised at the Crimson Dragon saving Leo since they knew Leo wasn't a Signer. [9] 
 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Towards the end of the  Ritual Duel  between the  Familiar of Red Nova  and Jack Atlas, Red Nova appeared, summoned by his servant wanting to take Jack. However, the Crimson Dragon appeared and protected Jack.  Greiger  and  Max  identified the dragon as the  shrine's  protector  Quetzalcoatl . Jack used the ability  Blazing Soul  to capture Red Nova and transfer its power into a card, and created " Red Nova Dragon ". After Jack defeated the Familiar, the temple came crumbling down around Jack, Yusei, Greiger and Max. However, the Crimson Dragon protected the four of them and flew away afterward. [1] 
 In his Duel with  Halldor , when Yusei Summoned " Majestic Star Dragon ", Halldor looked at it through his  Rune Eye  and briefly saw the Crimson Dragon. Halldor realized that the "Majestic Star Dragon" was the incarnation of the Crimson Dragon itself. [10] 
 After Yusei won the Duel, Halldor used his Rune Eye once again and when he looked at Yusei, he saw " Shooting Star Dragon " and the Crimson Dragon. Halldor realized that the " Aesirs " saw the Crimson Dragon and  Team 5D's  as allies rather than enemies. [11] 
 
 Ark Cradle 
 In the 3-on-1 Duel against  Aporia , the Crimson Dragon appeared again and gave Leo his own  Mark of the Dragon  and released  Life Stream Dragon  from  Power Tool Dragon . [12] 
 The Crimson Dragon also made an appearance while Yusei was  Limit Over Accel Synchro Summoning  " Shooting Quasar Dragon ". [13] 
 When  Z-one  was defeated in his Duel against Yusei, the  Divine Temple  shut down and began to collapse. As  Team 5D's  (minus Yusei) and Sherry head to their Duel Runners, the floor broke apart beneath them and everyone started to fall. The Crimson Dragon appeared and saved everyone, and transported them to a nearby highway. [14] 
 
 Team 5D's future 
 The Crimson Dragon made one final appearance at the end of Yusei and Jack's last Duel.  With the Signers' mission complete, the Crimson Dragon reabsorbed all of its Marks since the Signers no longer required them. [15] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 The Crimson Dragon appeared during the film  Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time , to transport Yusei through time to chase after  Paradox  who was in Europe, where  Jaden Yuki  was. At that moment, Jaden was being assaulted by Paradox with "Stardust Dragon", however the Crimson Dragon appeared just in time to protect Jaden from the attack, and brought Yusei along with it.
 Later, it transported Yusei and Jaden to the past, to  Yugi Muto 's time, at the moment when  Maximillion Pegasus  and people, including  Solomon Muto , were attacked and killed by Paradox with "Stardust Dragon", " Cyber End Dragon ", and " Rainbow Dragon ". The Crimson Dragon than grabbed Yugi and took all three of them back thirty minutes prior to the moment when Paradox arrived where they teamed up in order to Duel Paradox. [16] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
         The Crimson Dragon appears during the  summon chant  of " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend ".     
 An alternate version of the Crimson Dragon briefly appears when  Jack Atlas  Synchro Summons " Tyrant Red Dragon Archfiend " using " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " as  Synchro Material , and Jack invokes the Crimson Dragon during the Summon chant. [17] [18] 
 
 Manga 
 The Crimson Dragon appears in the  5D's manga  but plays a more malefic role. Here, the Crimson Dragon is known as the  Ultimate God , that infects humans with dark miasma, and turns them into its loyal followers, seeking only destruction and power. Like the anime counterpart, the Ultimate God created dragons known as  Duel Dragons . However, the Duel Dragons' purpose was to seal the Ultimate God, though they can be forced to serve the Ultimate God against their will.
 
 Abilities 
 As a deity, the Crimson Dragon is practically capable of doing nearly anything it wishes. It possesses the ability to freely create, control and manipulate fire, flame, and heat at will. 
 To keep itself safe, the Crimson Dragon shared five fractions of its immeasurable energies and entrusted each to five humans it chose (eventually six), sensing their good hearts. It also has the extremely difficult ability to influence certain events in people's lives; for example, it caused its five chosen Signers to meet and befriend one another, so that they could tap into the dragon's full strength and abilities to save the world from annihilation once again.
 It also possesses the exceedingly difficult ability to travel through time itself and freely enter various timelines and alternate realities; an ability shown in  Bonds Beyond Time . While not stated, the Crimson Dragon can also cause some minor alterations. Yugi was brought from a future where Paradox succeeded, but that chain of events was prevented; it's possible it replaced the Yugi that should have taken his place with the one who helped defeat Paradox.
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 113: " Burning, Seething Soul! Scar-Red Nova Dragon " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 7: " The Facility, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 30: " Fight or Flight " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 5: " A Blast From The Past, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 26: " The Fortune Cup Finale, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 42: " The Signs of Time " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 62: " Signs of Doom, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 64: " Signs of Doom, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 78: " Dawn of the Duel Board, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 128: " Yusei's Last Stand " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 130: " Bound to the Future, Bonds to Our Companions " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 142: " A Life-or-Death Battle! Machine Imperial God Dragon Asterisk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 150: " Entrusted Feelings of My Father " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 151: " Converging Wishes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 154: " Shining Forth to the Future " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Franchise 
 Anime 
 Episodes
 Season 1 
 2 
 3 
 Manga 
 Chapters 
 Special 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 DVDs 
 Arcs 
 Pre-Arc League Championship (Pre-Maiami Championship) 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Heartland City 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Duel terms 
 Action Card 
 Action Duel 
 Contact Fusion 
 Cross Xyz Summon 
 Dueltainer (Entertainment Duelist) 
 Double Tuning 
 Fusion Material 
 Fusion Monster 
 Fusion Summon 
 Integration Summon 
 Overlay Network 
 Pendulum Monster 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Pendulum Summon 
 Phantom Synchro 
 Rank-Up 
 Ritual Monster 
 Ritual Summon 
 Special Summon 
 Survival Duel 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Tribute Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Natural Energy Bracelets 
 Celina's bracelet (Selena's bracelet) 
 Lulu's bracelet (Ruri's bracelet) 
 Rin's bracelet 
 Zuzu's bracelet (Yuzu's bracelet) 
 Four Dimension Dragons 
 Natural Energy Cards 
 Genesis Omega Dragon  (manga) 
 Yuya's pendant 
 Technology 
 ARC-V 
 ARC System (Real Solid Vision) 
 Bug coin 
 Criminal mark 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Electric Shock Chip 
 Human Sealing Technology 
 Interdimensional Travel Technology 
 Isolation Dome 
 Mind Control Chip 
 Multiverse Speedway (Dimension Highway) 
 Parasite Monster 
 Rollerboots 
 Tournaments 
 Arc League Championship (Maiami Championship) 
 Friendship Cup 
 Groups 
 Commons 
 Duel Academy (Academia) 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Obelisk Force 
 High Council (Executive Council) 
 Lancers 
 Lancers Selection 
 Leo Corporation 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Stomptroopers (Arrest Corps) 
 The Resistance 
 Topsiders (Tops) 
 Abilities 
 Awakened 
 Synchronize 
 Other 
 Adam Factor  (manga) 
 Arc Project 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dimensional counterparts 
 Four Dimensions 
 Interdimensional Domination 
 Invasion of Xyz Dimension 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Original Dimension 
 Revival Zero 
 
 Characters 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/CrimsonDragon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20110203083815', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/5Dx113_Ancient_battle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100623022807', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/5Dx030_Legendary_battle.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081103165223', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/5Dx005_Crimson_Dragon_appears.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20091203143257', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b8/CrimsonDragonARCV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20160327081637']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters