Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Katsuya_Jonouchi_and_Mai_Kujaku%27s_Duel_(manga)


 
 Katsuya Jonouchi and Mai Kujaku's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi and Mai Kujaku's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Standard 
 
 
 Projectors 
 Battle Box 
 
 
 Players 
 Joey Wheeler Mai Valentine 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 Event 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 Location 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi  and  Mai Kujaku  faced each other in  Duel Monsters  in the preliminaries of the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga .
 The  terrain  was 40%  Mountain , 40%  Grassland  and 20%  Desert .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 
 2.1   Manga 
 
 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 Jonouchi was looking for his first opponent in the tournament.  Dark Yugi (manga)  advised him to choose a  terrain  that suited his Deck. Since his Deck contained mostly  Warrior  and  Beast-Warrior - Type  monsters, Jonouchi thought the  Grassland  would be fine.
 Mai had wanted to Duel Dark Yugi, but thought it was a bad strategy to face him straight away. Planning on beating weaker Duelists and gathering more  Star Chips  first, she challenged Jonouchi to a Duel.
 Since Jonouchi had only one Star Chip and Mai was a powerful opponent,  Anzu Mazaki  tried talking Jonouchi out of accepting, as losing would result in his elimination. She asked Dark Yugi to talk him him out of it, but Dark Yugi wished Jonouchi luck. Jonouchi had hoped Dark Yugi would say that as he wanted to accept the Duel, rather than be remembered as a coward.
 Jonouchi and Mai each bet one Star Chip. Before they began, Jonouchi asked Mai why she entered the tournament. Mai replied that she wanted the prize money to spend on glamour, which Jonouchi said was a weak reason and that he was fighting to save a life. 
 
 Duel 
 Mai used her  Aroma Tactics , in which she had scented her cards with various perfumes, allowing her to tell what they were by their smell. She used to tell what her cards were without looking and passed it off as a sixth sense.
 1st turn: Mai 
 Mai Summoned " Harpy Lady " in the Mountains ("Harpy Lady": 1300 → 1690 ATK).
 2nd turn: Jonouchi 
 Jonouchi  was distracted by Mai's Aroma Tactics. He Summoned " Tiger Axe " in the Grassland (ATK: 1300 → 1690) and attacked "Harpy Lady". Since land monsters were disadvantaged against flying monsters, "Tiger Axe" lost its Field Power Bonus ("Tiger Axe": 1590 → 1300 ATK) and was destroyed in battle (Jonouchi: 2000 → 1610  Life Points ).
 Jonouchi Summoned " Kojikocy " in the Grassland ("Kojikocy": 1500 → 1950 ATK).
 3rd turn: Mai 
 Mai equipped "Harpy Lady" with " Electro-Whip " ("Harpy Lady": 1690 → 1990 ATK), again without looking at the card she played.
 "Harpie Lady" attacked and destroyed "Kojikocy" (Jonouchi: 1610 → 1120 Life Points). Mai said that Jonouchi could not beat her with a card like that and explained that each turn her "Harpy Lady" increases in beauty, elegance and strength.
 4nd turn: Jonouchi 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Warrior of Gardna ".
 5th turn: Mai 
 Mai equipped "Harpy Lady" with " Cyber Bondage " ("Harpy Lady": 1990 → 2490 ATK).
 "Harpy Lady" attacked and destroyed "Warrior of Gardna" (Jonouchi: 1120 → 810 Life Points).
 Mai laughed and asked if Jonouchi had learned yet that he's nothing but prey to her. Jonouchi became increasingly concerned about how Mai was able to tell what her cards were without looking. He wondered if she had ESP and thought that he wasn't good enough to beat her.
 Mai noticed  Anzu  cheering for Jonouchi and asked wasn't it her who had said "If you shout the Duelist will hear you feelings and you'll help him win." She then told Anzu to go ahead and make Jonouchi win. Mai smiled and said that type of thing is useless and asked advised Jonouchi that "Today's friends are tomorrow's enemies", he could not become a true Duelist and play with his friends at the same time and that Duelists cannot trust anyone but themselves.
 Anzu started getting really frustrated with Mai, but  Dark Yugi  said he would make Jonouchi win with just one word and reminded him of the " something you can show, but can't see " riddle. Mai burst out laughing at the idea of this being the strategy that would make Jonouchi win. Jonouchi remembered answering that with "friendship" before, but couldn't see how that could help him win this time. Thinking he had let  Shizuka  down, he began to imagine what the world would be like if she became blind and closed his eyes to see what it would be like. No longer concentrating on his sense of sight, he noticed the smell of Mai's perfumes and figured out her Aroma Tactics. He explained that the cards could be shown, but their smell couldn't be seen.
 No longer distracted by Mai's trick, Jonouchi was able to focus on the Duel properly. Mai was angry that such a beginner could figure out her Aroma Tactics, but still affirmed that Jonouchi couldn't defeat her in a hundred years. Jonouchi said that having his friends next to him made him feel that Mai wasn't so tough and that he would take her up on her "hundred years" comment.
 6th turn: Jonouchi 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Baby Dragon " in  Defense Mode . Dark Yugi remembered  Yugi  giving Jonouchi that card. Jonouchi mentally told Dark Yugi to watch as he was not going to waste the card he gave him.
 7th turn: Mai 
 Mai laughed that "Baby Dragon" was a good choice as it was a card for babies. She at least commended Jonouchi for playing it in Defense Mode, so he would not take damage when she destroyed it. Instead of attacking it, she played " Kaleidoscope " to multiply her "Harpy Lady" into three copies, "Harpy Lady 1", " Harpy Lady 2 ", " Harpy Lady 3 ". She was unable to attack the turn she played "Kaleidoscope".
 8th turn: Jonouchi 
 Jonouchi Summoned " Garoozis " in the Grassland ("Garoozis": 1800 → 2340 ATK).
 9th turn: Mai 
 The harpies attacked "Garoozies", which lost its Field Power Bonus ("Garoozis": 2340 → 1800 ATK), and destroyed it (Jonouchi: 810 → 120 Life Points).
 10th turn: Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi noted to himself that Mai's strategy revolved around powering-up "Harpy Lady", which seemed to be the only monster in her Deck, so if the "Harpy Lady" died the whole strategy would fall apart.
 Jonouchi recalled receiving the card " Time Wizard " from Yugi. Yugi explained that the "Time Wizard" can do many things including fast forward a hundred years, turning "Baby Dragon" into an adult. With one last chance to get "Baby Dragon", Jonouchi put all his hope in his next draw and got it.
 Jonouchi activated "Time Wizard", which aged "Baby Dragon" into " Thousand Dragon " (ATK: 2400) and made the harpies old and weaker ("Harpy Lady 1"/"Harpy Lady 2"/"Harpy Lady 3": 2490 → 1300 ATK).
 "Thousand Dragon" attacked and destroyed the harpies (Mai: 2000 → 0 Life Points).
 
 Aftermath 
 Jonouchi said to Mai that he may not be a "true Duelist", but there is one thing that does not change after a hundred years and it is " something you can show, but can't see ".
 
 Cards used 
 Manga 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Baby Dragon 
 Garoozis 
 Kojikocy 
 Tiger Axe 
 Warrior of Gardna Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Time Wizard 
 
 Mai Kujaku Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Harpy Lady Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cyber Bondage 
 Electro-Whip 
 Kaleidoscope 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 6: " First Duel " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom  (manga) Participants 
 Contestants 
 Insector Haga 
 Keith Howard 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Satake 
 Takaido 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Player Killers 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Haga 
 Jonouchi VS Mai 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi VS Ryuzaki 
 Mai VS Player Killer 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer 
 Jonouchi VS Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi & Joey VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai 
 Jonouchi VS Keith 
 Dark Yugi & Yugi VS Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Jonouchi VS Kaiba 
 Kaiba VS Pegasus 
 
 Items 
 
 Duel Glove 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/Jonouchi_VS_Mai.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160109163808']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duelist Kingdom Duels (manga)