Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Abyss_Actor_-_Leading_Lady


 Abyss Actor - Leading Lady 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Manga 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  episode 72 ,  Sylvio Sawatari  uses this card during the  Friendship Cup   Turbo Duel  against  Yugo . On the third turn, he  Normal Summons  this card. On Yugo's next turn, his " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon " attacks this card, but it is not destroyed due to the " Abyss Prop - Wild Wagon " that Sylvio activated earlier. Then, this card's effect activates, lowering "Clear Wing's" ATK by the amount of battle damage inflicted (1000). "Wild Wagon" also prevents "Clear Wing" from using its effect to destroy this card, once per turn. On Sylvio's next turn, after " Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie " attacks "Clear Wing", this card's effect removes the rest of "Clear Wing's" ATK. This card then attacks "Clear Wing", but Yugo finds and activates the  Action Card  " Miracle " to halve damage taken from the attack and survive another turn. On Yugo's next turn, he tributes " Hi-Speedroid Hagoita "  to change this card's effect, as well as that of "Sassy Rookie". Then, he activates " Hi-Speed Re-Level " to banish "Hagoita" from his Graveyard and set the Levels of all monsters on the field to "Hagoita's" (5). This triggers this card's new effect, allowing "Clear Wing" to chain to it and destroy this card, gaining 1500 ATK in the process. 
 In  episode 97 , Sylvio controls this card while he and  Gong Strong  attempt to prevent a Commons mob in  New Domino City  from clashing with  Sector Security . 
 In  episode 139 , Sylvio uses this card during the  Lancers' duel against   Z-ARC . On his turn after he joins the duel, Sylvio sets the Pendulum Scales at 1 and 8, then Pendulum Summons this card, " Abyss Actor - Wild Hope " and " Abyss Actor - Superstar " from his hand. He tributes this card to use the effect of " Abyss Script - Abysstainment ", to Set " Abyss Script - Rise of the Abyss King " from his Graveyard. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 In  chapter 9 ,  Shingo Sawatari  uses this card during his third duel against  Yuya Sakaki . He activates " Abyss Actors Back Stage " to add this card and " Abyss Actor - Wild Hope " from his Deck to his Extra Deck face-up. On Shingo's next turn, with the Pendulum Scales set at 2 and 8, he Pendulum Summons this card and "Wild Hope" before Tributing both of them to  Tribute Summon  " Abyss Actor - Evil Heel ".   
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances