Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Dracoslayer


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Dracoslayer.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 DRAGON SWORDSMAN 
 I would like to say "I told ya" but I wont , lol . For more details , check my 2nd revision's summary on 17/4 :  http://yugioh.wikia.com/wiki/Dracoslayer?action=history 
 Who came up with the name "dragoknight" anyway ? The OCG doesnt use it , now the TCG doesnt use it either , so I suggest removing that name from every pages . 
 It just likes back then when some kid came up with the stupid name "ghostrick dork lord" . 
 Daywithoutgames  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:46, June 19, 2015 (UTC)
 
 You're correct the name should be removed. However, we're not using Dragon Swordsman either. Your attitude is not appreciated.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:49, June 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 Don't pretend you're high and mighty by saying " I won't say 'I told ya, " after which you immediately become a hypocrite with your next sentence. Furthermore, why don't you check the history of the main page? YamiWheeler already explained why the page was named the way it was. What kind of short-minded person thinks the term "knights" has to mean "horsemen"? 
 "Ghostrick Dorklord" also carried the essence of the Japanese name better than any of the other potential translations offered. Sure, the translation is "dorky", but I'm sure it communicated the Japanese name (along with its  puns ) far better than any translation you could come up with. -- UltimateKuriboh  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:04, June 19, 2015 (UTC) 
 Oh come on , I was just trying to be funny , didnt mean to sound uppity and annoy anyone . The next time , I will tone down my attitude . 
 Daywithoutgames  ( talk  •  contribs ) 06:51, June 19, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Relationship to other series and some trivia 
 Is noted that the extra deck monsters is note just related to the Majispecter and Igknigth by name, but by design and effect. Blasting prominence destroy pendulum monsters for cost to they effects like the igknigths and Paladin adds cards from the deck to hand like the magispecters. Also that two monsters share the same attribute of the related archetypes as also are featured in they or features cards of the respective archetypes (blaster appears in the Igkniths phoenix and Majispecter Unicorn is featured in Paladin artwork). I design-wise Blaster also appearance are similar to the igknigth (he wears a armor that gives a mechanical look) and Paladin rides a Majispecter.
 Also a interesting trivia: All the extra deck Dracoslayers are released in the same set as they respective series that are related are debuted, and they share the same rarity (ultra, secret or ultimate rares).
 If someone haves noted something even more, please reply-- Dragonempeorslayer  ( talk  •  contribs ) 23:07, July 15, 2015 (UTC)
 
 
 
 
Categories: