Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_5D%27s_-_Episode_SP1


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Episode SP1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 進化する決闘！スターダストＶＳレッド・デーモンズ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shinka-suru Dyueru! Sutādasuto VS Reddo Dēmonzu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Evolving Duel! Stardust VS Red Daemon's 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Kizuna " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " START " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Takaaki Wada 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Evolving Duel! Stardust VS Red Daemon's  was a special non-canon episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's . It was first shown at the 2008 Jump Super Anime Tour and later released on DVD with the  Duelist Box . People attending the tour got the  promotional card  " Vice Dragon ". This episode was also used to promote the  Crimson Crisis  set, since many of the cards that were used come from the  Crimson Crisis  set.
 Yusei Fudo   Duels  with  Jack Atlas , with their ace monsters clashing against each other and being upgraded to  /Assault Mode .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   The Announcement 
 1.2   The Duel Begins 
 1.3   Jack's turn 
 1.4   In the Audience 
 1.5   Jack's Assault 
 1.6   Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode Appears 
 1.7   Battle of the /Assault Modes 
 1.8   Yusei's Assault 
 1.9   The Onslaught Continues 
 1.10   Jack's Comeback 
 1.11   The Last Turn 
 
 
 2   Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Jack Atlas 
 3   Notes 
 4   Cast 
 5   Featured cards 
 6   Trivia 
 
 
 Summary 
 The Announcement 
 At the Duel Stadium in  New Domino City , a big match is about to begin. Many jets are flying overhead and release different colored smoke for the grand opening of the match. The crowd is cheering. Then, the  MC  begins with his announcement.  Leo ,  Luna  and  Akiza  are seen in the crowd. MC announces that the King’s Turbo Duel is about to begin and during the announcement, an image of  Jack Atlas  is shown in the video sphere. 
 Somewhere inside the stadium,  Yusei Fudo  is preparing for his match against Jack. He puts his helmet on and starts his  Duel Runner . Then, MC presents Yusei as the challenger for Jack to the audience. Yusei makes his entrance as Leo shouts at him for encouragement. Luna tells him that he doesn’t have to shout it out that loud, Akiza tells Luna that she has shouted out loud herself.
 Yusei arrives at the starter point, followed by MC announcing the arrival of Jack Atlas as he makes his entrance. Jack then says that he's the  one  king. He arrives at the starter point. Yusei apologizes for being late, Jack responds that they have come all the way here. The two of them wait for the duel to begin.
 
 The Duel Begins 
 MC declares the start of the Duel and both duelists plays  Speed World , resulting in both Duel Runners switching to Auto-Pilot. When the light goes green, both Duel Runners take off. The MC decides that Yusei should go first.
 It’s Yusei’s 1st turn. He draws " Assault Mode Activate ". Along with Assault Mode, his hand also contains " Shield Wing ", " Quillbolt Hedgehog ", " Jump Guard ", " Urgent Tuning " and " Synchro Destructor ". He summons "Shield Wing" in  face-up   Defense Position , Sets a card  face-down  in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  and ends his turn.
 Both duelists’  SPC  goes to 1. It’s Jack’s 1st turn. Jack draws and  summons  " Vice Dragon " in Defense Position. Yusei remarks that it's a Level 5 Monster and Jack explains the effect of "Vice Dragon", which can be summoned when his opponent has at least 1 monster on his field while he has none. His hand contains " Dark Resonator ", " Interdimensional Matter Transporter ", " Assault Mode Activate ", " Nightmare Archfiends " and " Half or Nothing ". He then summons " Dark Resonator ".
 Luna says that Jack has treated this duel as a performance since the beginning, to which Akiza comments that Jack seems to be enjoying himself.
 
 Jack's turn 
 Jack Tunes his " Dark Resonator " with his " Vice Dragon " to  Synchro Summon  " Red Dragon Archfiend " and attacks Yusei's " Shield Wing ". Leo comments on the fact that the effect of "Shield Wing" prevents it from being destroyed by battle twice per turn, to which Akiza replies that they shouldn't be so sure. Jack then reminds Yusei that he should know about the effect of "Red Dragon Archfiend". Yusei replies that the effect of "Red Dragon Archfiend", "Demon Meteor", now activates, destroying all  Defense Position  monsters on Yusei's field. Jack Sets one card face-down in his Spell & Trap Card Zone and ends his turn. Jack then comments on that he is pursuing Yusei to which tells himself that Jack doesn't need to bring out his "performance dueling" against him.
 Both Duelists' SPC goes to 2. Yusei draws " Speed Spell - Angel Baton ". Yusei then says to Jack that if he’s the pursued one, then Yusei will show him the dignity of the pursuer and activates "Speed Spell - Angel Baton". Due to its effect, when Yusei's SPC is 2 or more, he can draw 2 cards from his  Deck  and discards one, to the  Graveyard . He chooses to discard "Quillbolt Hedgehog" and summons " Debris Dragon ". Once Jack sees "Debris Dragon" he notices that Yusei is going on the offensive.
 The effect of "Debris Dragon" allows Yusei to summon monster of 500 or less ATK from the Graveyard in  Attack Position , and he chooses brings back "Shield Wing". Since there's a  Tuner monster  on the field "Quillbolt Hedgehog" can be summoned to the field. Leo comments that Yusei is starting to strike back. Jack tells Yusei to face off with each other using all their might, to which Yusei replies that's what he intended to do from the beginning. Yusei then Tunes his "Debris Dragon", "Shield Wing" and "Quillbolt Hedgehog" to  Synchro Summon  " Stardust Dragon ".
 
 In the Audience 
 Leo is excited by the arrival of Yusei's " Stardust Dragon ". Luna states that Yusei seems to be much more "heated up" than usual. Akiza asks Luna if the spirits told her that, to which Luna replies that she knows it even though she can’t sense the voices of the spirits and that this duel is very important and special to Yusei and Jack. Akiza returns to watching the Duel, saying, to herself, that this the fate of the pursuer and the pursued.
 The MC then comments on the duel, saying that the crowd should look forward to a heated clash between Yusei and Jack.
 
 Jack's Assault 
 Jack says to himself that seeing Yusei's " Stardust Dragon " heats up his soul. Yusei places one card  face-down  in his Spell & Trap Card Zone and ends his turn.
 Yusei says to himself that he wants Jack to attack him. Jack thinks that he won't become a true undefeated King if he doesn't beat Yusei in this duel.
 Both duelists’ SPC goes to 3. It’s Jack's turn and he draws. He attacks "Stardust Dragon" with "Red Dragon Archfiend", but Yusei activates the  Continuous  Trap Card, " Trick Battle ", which destroys the monster with the highest ATK when two monsters battle. The Crowd is awestruck by "Stardust Dragon" reflecting "Red Dragon Archfiend's" attack, Leo is thankful that "Stardust Dragon" is fine, to which Luna and Akiza reply that Jack won't let it end here.
 
 Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode Appears 
 An orb of fire appears and "Red Dragon Archfiend" returns in a new form and with 3500 ATK, to the surprise of Yusei and Leo. Jack explains that he activated his face-down card, " Assault Mode Activate ", which Special Summons one monster with "/Assault Mode" in its name from his  Deck  in  face-up   Attack Position  when he tributes a  Synchro Monster  with the same name. Jack says this is the power of the "pursued one" and that Yusei will always be one step behind him and that he can see the path to victory. Jack thinks to himself about " Assault Mode Activate ’s" effect, preventing it from being affected by his opponent’s  Spell ,  Trap  and  Monster effects , meaning that "Trick Battle's" effect will be negated he'll be able to destroy Yusei's "Stardust Dragon".
 Jack commands his " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " to attack "Stardust Dragon", resulting in its destruction. An orb of light appears and Stardust Dragon returns to the stadium in a new form and with 3000 ATK. Yusei then reveals that his  face-down  card was also "Assault Mode Activate".
 Leo is surprised that both Yusei and Jack played "Assault Mode Activate". Luna says that Akiza was correct about this duel being a destined battle.
 
 Battle of the /Assault Modes 
 Jack laughs and comments that even though Yusei has an "/Assault Mode" monster as well, his "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" is still stronger than Yusei's " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode " in terms of ATK. Jack then orders "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" to attack "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" to which Yusei tells "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" to take it "head on". The monsters strike each other, causing a bright explosion in which Yusei is caught spinning out of control in, but quickly gains control again. Once the explosion is over "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" is not destroyed due to the effect of "Assault Mode Activate", though Yusei still loses 500  Life Points .
 Jack sets 4 cards face-down and ends his turn. After seeing this, Yusei wonders just how much Jack has thought about his strategy and that only the pursued one has the complete defense.
 Both duelists’ SPC goes to 4. It’s Yusei's turn and he draws " Skill Successor ". The other cards in Yusei's hand include " Urgent Tuning ", " Synchro Destructor " and " Jump Guard ".
 Leo believes that as long as Yusei has "Trick Battle" on the field he still has the advantage, to which Akiza agrees. But Luna has concerns about it.
 
 Yusei's Assault 
 Yusei sends "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" to attack "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode", however before the attack can go through  a black hole appears and Jack's "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" disappears. Jack then reveals that he has activated  " Interdimensional Matter Transporter ", which removes "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" from play until the End Phase of Yusei’s turn. Yusei then orders his "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" to attack Jack directly. Jack activates another face-down card, " Half or Nothing " which forces Yusei to choose between ending his  Battle Phase  or halving the attack of "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode". Jack urges Yusei make a choice.
 Yusei chooses to halve the ATK of "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode", the ATK of "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" is then decreased from 3000 to 1500. Yusei successfully attacks Jack  directly , causing Jack to lose 1500  Life Points .
 Leo comments that Jack wanted to protect his monster even if that means receiving damage. Akiza replies that's because his "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" is his pride.
 The MC announces that because of " Speed World 's" effect, Jack loses one SPC after receiving more than 1000 points of damage. Jacks SPC reduces from 4 to 3.
 
 The Onslaught Continues 
 The effect of "Half or Nothing" has ended resulting in "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode’s" ATK going back to 3000. Yusei sets 3 cards face-down, in his Spell & Trap Card Zones, and ends his turn. Since Yusei ended his turn "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" returns to the field.
 Jack draws " Trap Eater ". Jack’s SPC goes to 4 while Yusei’s SPC goes to 5. Jack  Special Summons  "Trap Eater", by destroying Yusei's "Trick Battle".
 Leo becomes confused and comments of the fact that Yusei could negate "Trap Eater's" effect with "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode". Akiza has to clarify to Leo that it's not an effect, but a cost and that Yusei has now lost his advantage.
 Yusei is surprised that Jack would be able to get rid of his "Trick Battle" like that. Jack declares an attack with "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" and attacks Yusei's "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode", but Yusei activates, one of face-down cards, " Skill Successor ", and tributes "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" to negate the effect of "Skill Successor" and destroy it.
 Leo doesn’t understand why would Yusei would willingly negate "Skill Successor" which Yusei just activated.
 Jack comments that Yusei decided to accept a direct attack instead of suffering the insult of letting "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" be destroyed in battle. Jack sends "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" to attack Yusei directly and Yusei activates " Jump Guard ". This causes Yusei's Duel Runner to jump into the air to avoid the attack of "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode". The crowd and Jack are amazed by this. Yusei explains "Jump Guard" turns any Battle Damage to 0 when a monster is removed from play by a card effect. (NOTE: Stardust/Assault has been removed from the field not by his effect, but by it's own COST, That wouldn't work with Jump Guard).
 Akiza concludes that the damage that would've been done by "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" is reduced to 0. Meanwhile, Leo becomes very impressed by the way Yusei made his Duel Runner jump into the air.
 
 Jack's Comeback 
 Yusei lands in front of Jack and asks how it feels to be the pursuer. Jack found Yusei's stunt to be interesting. Jack then tributes "Trap Eater" to activate " Nightmare Archfiends ", which Special Summons 3 " Nightmare Archfiend Tokens ", each with 2000 ATK, to Yusei's side of the field.
 Jack tells Yusei that even though Yusei is running in front of him, the feeling of being the pursuer will always come back. He also says that he’s a king who foresees moves 2 to 3 steps further than anyone else. Jack then orders his " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " to attack one of Yusei's "Nightmare Tokens". Once again, Yusei activates the effect of "Jump Guard" and makes his  Duel Runner  jump into the sky.
 Leo says that because of the effect of "Jump Guard", Yusei's Battle Damage will be reduced to 0 again. Luna then wonders if Jack had made a mistake. Akiza thinks, to herself, that it's impossible for Jack to make a mistake and that Jack must have something up his sleeve.
 Jack says that the effect of "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" will destroy all "Nightmare Tokens" on the field. The attack makes Yusei lose control of his Duel Runner, again. Jack says to Yusei that when the "Nightmare Tokens" were destroyed, each dealt 800 points of damage to their controller. Yusei's Life Points are reduced to 1100 and he manages to regain control of his Duel Runner. Jack says that this is the retribution for running in front of the king. Yusei wonders if Jack already knew that he'd tribute "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode", and says to Jack that even though "Jump Guard" will negate all battle damage dealt to him, it will not negate effect damage, Jack then tells Yusei that he knew that "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" wouldn't return until the  End Phase , and that he'll always be 2 steps ahead of Yusei.
 Jack then activates, his last face-down card, " Spell of the Ruler ", which becomes equipped to "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" and increases its ATK to 4200.
 Leo and Luna are shocked by this turn of events. Akiza then comments on the fact that the effect of "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" that negates the effect of a card couldn't be activated when it's in the  Graveyard . Leo concludes that Jack activated " Spell of the Ruler " so that Yusei couldn't negate it with the effect of "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode".
 Jack ends his turn and "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" returns to the field. Jack asks Yusei if Yusei knows how to defeat the 4200 ATK "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" and that no matter what he'll do, Yusei will not be able to ride in front of him anymore.
 Luna comments that Jack looks scary and serious now. Akiza then replies that Jack's desire to win is definitely stronger then Yusei's and that looking at this chase, the two of them are just like the front and back of a card.
 
 The Last Turn 
 Yusei’s SPC goes to 6 while Jack’s SPC goes to 5. It’s Yusei's turn and he draws. He activates " Speed Spell - Speed Energy ", which can only be activated when Yusei has 2 or more  SPC  and its effect causes the ATK of "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" to be increased by 200 points for each SPC Yusei has. Yusei then increases the ATK of "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode", from 3000 to 4200.
 Jack that if both monsters attack they'll both be destroyed, since they both have the same ATK, Jack believes that isn’t what Yusei is aiming for. Yusei orders "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" to attack "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode". An epic battle in space occurs with both dragons, ultimately, plummeting to the earth. Both dragons are destroyed in battle which surprises and impresses the crowd. Their destruction causes an explosion which causes a fog which covers the entire stadium.
 Jack says that Yusei has indeed intended to destroy his monster without hesitation. Jack also states that when "Spell of the Ruler" is destroyed, it will deal 700 points of damage to the opponent, causing Yusei’s Life Points to become 400. Then, the MC falls over due to the intensity of the explosion. Due to the fog, Yusei and Jack ride in circles. Yusei tells Jack to continue the duel.
 Jack and Yusei say that when an "/Assault Mode" monster is destroyed, the original Synchro Monster can be Special Summoned. Yusei and Jack Special Summon " Stardust Dragon " and " Red Dragon Archfiend " respectively and the crowd is amazed by the return of the 2 dragons. Jack states that even if "Stardust Dragon" revived this way, it won't be able to destroy "Red Dragon Archfiend" with its lower ATK. Yusei responds that Jack will have to see it for himself. 
 Yusei activates "Skill Successor" from his graveyard, which Jack recognizes as the Trap Card that Yusei negated. Yusei tells Jack that "Skill Successor's" effect which, when it’s activated in the Graveyard, will increase a monster’s ATK by 800 points causing "Stardust Dragon’s" ATK to become 3300. Jack is surprised by this turn of events.
 Leo sees that the ATK of "Stardust Dragon" has become higher than "Red Dragon Archfiend’s" ATK. Luna says that Yusei was actually the one with the trick up his sleeve, not Jack.
 Yusei activates his last face-down card, " Synchro Destructor " which deals damage to his opponent equal to the ATK of the destroyed monster when a  Synchro Monster  on his side of the Field destroys a monster during battle. Yusei then proceeds to make "Stardust Dragon" attack "Red Dragon Archfiend", destroying it, then the effect of "Synchro Destructor" activates reducing the rest of Jack’s Life Points to 0. 
 Yusei wins the duel.
 
 Featured Duel: Yusei Fudo vs. Jack Atlas 
 Turn 1: Yusei 
Yusei  draws  " Assault Mode Activate ". Yusei's  hand  contains " Assault Mode Activate ", " Urgent Tuning ", " Synchro Destructor ", " Jump Guard ", " Shield Wing ", and " Quillbolt Hedgehog ". Yusei  Normal Summons  " Shield Wing " (0/900) in  Defense Position  and  sets  a card ("Assault Mode Activate").
 Turn 2: Jack 
Jack draws " Vice Dragon ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Yusei's SPC: 0 → 1; Jack's SPC: 0 → 1). Jack  Special Summons  " Vice Dragon " (2000/2400) from his hand in Defense Position as Yusei controls monsters, but Jack doesn't. [Notes 1] 
 Jack's hand contains "Half or Nothing", " Assault Mode Activate ", " Nightmare Archfiends ", " Interdimensional Matter Transporter ", and " Dark Resonator ". Jack then Normal Summons " Dark Resonator " (1300/300) in Attack Position. He then tunes "Vice Dragon" with "Dark Resonator" in order to  Synchro Summon  " Red Dragon Archfiend " (3000/2000) in Attack Position. 
 " Red Dragon Archfiend " attacks " Shield Wing ". The attack fails as " Shield Wing " can't be  destroyed by battle  twice per turn. Jack then activates the first effect of " Red Dragon Archfiend " to destroy all of Yusei's Defense Position monsters. Jack sets a card.
 Turn 3: Yusei 
Yusei draws " Speed Spell - Angel Baton ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Yusei's SPC: 1 → 2; Jack's SPC: 1 → 2). Yusei activates "Speed Spell - Angel Baton" to draw two cards and send a card (" Quillbolt Hedgehog ") from his hand to the Graveyard. 
 Yusei Normal Summons " Debris Dragon " (1000/2000) in Attack Position. He then activates the effect of "Debris Dragon" to Special Summon " Shield Wing " (0/900) from his Graveyard in Attack Position with its effects negated. Since Yusei controls a  Tuner monster , he Special Summons " Quillbolt Hedgehog " (800/800) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. He then tunes "Shield Wing" and "Quillbolt Hedgehog" with "Debris Dragon" in order to Synchro Summon " Stardust Dragon " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. Yusei sets a card.
 Turn 4: Jack 
Jack draws. During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Yusei's SPC: 2 → 3; Jack's SPC: 2 → 3). " Red Dragon Archfiend " attacks " Stardust Dragon ", but Yusei activates his face-down " Trick Battle " in response. Now if one of Yusei's monsters battles a monster Jack controls that has more ATK, that monster will be destroyed. Jack then activates his face-down " Assault Mode Activate " to Tribute " Red Dragon Archfiend " and Special Summon " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " (3500/2500) in Attack Position. Due to the last effect of " Assault Mode Activate ", " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " is granted immunity to destruction by battle and Yusei's card effects this turn.
 " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " attacks " Stardust Dragon ", but Yusei activates his face-down " Assault Mode Activate " to Tribute "Stardust Dragon" and Special Summon " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Due to the last effect of "Assualt Mode Activate", "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" is granted immunity to destruction by battle and Jack's card effects this turn.
 A  replay  occurs, and Jack uses " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " to attack " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode ", but the latter isn't destroyed (Yusei 4000 → 3500). Jack sets four cards.
 Turn 5: Yusei 
Yusei's hand contains " Urgent Tuning ", " Synchro Destructor ", and "Jump Guard". Yusei draws "Skill Successor". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Yusei's SPC: 3 → 4; Jack's SPC: 3 → 4). " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode " attacks " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " (Yusei plans to activate the effect of "Trick Battle" to destroy "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode"), but Jack activates his face-down " Interdimensional Matter Transporter " to  remove  " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " from play. 
 A  replay  occurs and Yusei uses "Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode" to attack directly, but Jack activates his face-down " Half or Nothing " to give Yusei two choices. The first choice will halve the ATK of all monsters Yusei currently controls while the second choice will end the Battle Phase. Yusei selects the first option (" Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode ": 3000 → 1500/2500). The direct attack continues (Jack 4000 → 2500). Jack loses a Speed Counter (Jack's SPC: 4 → 3). At the end of the Battle Phase, the effect of "Half or Nothing" expires (" Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode ": 1500 → 3000/2500). 
 Yusei sets three cards. On Yusei's  End Phase , the effect of "Interdimensional Matter Transporter" expires and " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " (3500/2500) returns to Jack's side of the field in Attack Position.
 Turn 6: Jack 
Jack draws " Trap Eater ". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Yusei's SPC: 4 → 5; Jack's SPC: 3 → 4). Jack then Special Summons " Trap Eater " (1900/1600) in Attack Position by sending Yusei's "Trick Battle" to the Graveyard. " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " attacks " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode ", but Yusei activates his face-down " Skill Successor " and Tributes " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode " to negate and destroy " Skill Successor ".  
 A replay occurs and Jack uses "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" to attack directly, but Yusei activates his face-down " Jump Guard " to take no Battle Damage this turn. Jack then activates his face-down " Nightmare Archfiends " to Tribute " Trap Eater " and Special Summon three " Nightmare Archfiend Tokens " (2000/2000 for all) to Yusei's side of the field in Attack Position.
 Another replay occurs and Jack uses " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " to attack and destroy a "Nightmare Archfiend Token", but Yusei takes no Battle Damage, however he takes 800 damage due to the token's destruction (Yusei 3500 → 2700). The first effect of "Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode" then activates, destroying the two remaining tokens and inflicting 1600 damage to Yusei (Yusei 2700 → 1900 → 1100). 
 Jack then activates his face-down " Spell of the Ruler ", equipping it to " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode " and increasing its ATK by 700 ("Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode: 3500 → 4200/2500). On Jack's End Phase, " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode " (3000/2500) revives itself in Attack Position via its second effect.
 Turn 7: Yusei 
Yusei draws "Speed Spell - Speed Energy". During the Standby Phase, the effect of " Speed World " activates (Yusei's SPC: 5 → 6; Jack's SPC: 4 → 5). Yusei activates " Speed Spell - Speed Energy " to target " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode " and increase its ATK by the number of  Speed Counters  he has times 200 ("Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode": 3000 → 4200/2500). 
 " Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode " attacks " Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode ", causing both monsters to be destroyed in a  Double KO . The last effect of "Spell of the Ruler" then activates, inflicting 700 damage to Yusei (Yusei 1100 → 400). Yusei and Jack then activate the final effects of their " /Assault Mode " monsters in order to Special Summon " Stardust Dragon " (2500/2000) and " Red Dragon Archfiend " (3000/2000) from their Graveyards in Attack Position.
 Yusei then activates the final effect of " Skill Successor " to remove it from play from his Graveyard and increase the ATK of " Stardust Dragon " by 800 ("Stardust Dragon": 2500 → 3300/2000). " Stardust Dragon " attacks and destroys " Red Dragon Archfiend " (Jack 2500 → 2200). Yusei then activates his face-down " Synchro Destructor " to inflict damage to Jack equal to half the ATK of "Red Dragon Archfiend" twice (as "Red Dragon Archfiend" was a  Synchro Monster  (Jack 2200 → 700 → 0).
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The written lore of " Vice Dragon " shown in this episode is the same as its usual lore, so its  ATK  and  DEF  should have been halved. 
 
 
 Cast 
 Yuya Miyashita as  Yusei Fudo 
Takanori Hoshino as  Jack Atlas 
Yuka Terasaki as  Ruka 
Ai Horanai as  Rua 
Ayumi Kinoshita as  Aki Izayoi 
Bernard Ackah as  MC 
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yusei Fudo Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Quillbolt Hedgehog 
 Shield Wing 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 Tuner monsters 
 Debris Dragon Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Stardust Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Angel Baton 
 Speed Spell - Speed Energy 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Assault Mode Activate 
 Jump Guard 
 Skill Successor 
 Synchro Destructor 
 Trick Battle 
 Urgent Tuning 
 
 Jack Atlas Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode 
 Vice Dragon 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dark Resonator 
 Trap Eater Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World 
 Traps 
 Assault Mode Activate 
 Half or Nothing 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter 
 Nightmare Archfiends 
 Spell of the Ruler 
 Trivia 
 This OVA is an alternate version of the Fortune Cup. In this OVA, at that time, Jack Atlas was still the Fortune Cup King of Turbo Duels. Also, Akiza/Aki was already friends with Leo, Luna and Yusei. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/YGO5DSP1.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20090103193909']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's episodes, Anime OVAs