Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_064


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 064 
 
 
 
 
 Jack and "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend". 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 デュエルキング「ジャック・アトラス」 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Dyueru Kingu "Jakku Atorasu" 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Duel King - "Jack Atlas" 
 
 
 English 
 Match with the Master 
 
 
 Number 
 064 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 12, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 August 28, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 October 1, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " UNLEASH " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " ARC of Smile! " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Fight for Freedom " 
 " Traits of a Traitor " 
 
 
 
 
 " Match with the Master ", known as " Duel King - "Jack Atlas" " in the Japanese version, is the sixty-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 12, 2015 and in Australia on October 14, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on January 10, 2017, and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US on January 2018.
 As proof that they have came to form alliances with the  High Council , the  Lancers  have to participate in the  Friendship Cup  under  Declan 's proposal. Furthermore,  Yuya  is compelled to duel in an Exhibition Match during the previous night of the tournament, and his opponent is the Duel King/Master of Faster -  Jack Atlas ! In a stadium completely filled with the high tensions of the audience, Yuya feels overwhelmed by Jack's presence, but he persists on with his ideal of Dueltaining!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Jack Atlas 
 3   Differences in Adaptations 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Zuzu , dressed in a new Turbo Dueling outfit, tells  Yugo  to hold on as he speeds through the traffic, protesting that he'll get the attention of the  Duel Chasers  again. Yugo reassures Zuzu that that won't happen, since they're official participants in the  Friendship Cup , so he's just going a little overboard. Then he realizes that the celebrations have started at the  Duel Palace  already, and he curses and accelerates, causing Zuzu to scream. In the  Sector Security  Headquarters, an officer alerts  Jean-Michel Roget  to Zuzu and Yugo's arrival, asking if they should be arrested. Roget comments that even he is not such a demon, and requests that Zuzu and Yugo be allowed to see the festivities. He place a white pawn down, noting to a  hulking figure behind him  that it's rare that  Jack Atlas  himself is Dueling after all.
 
       Melissa Trail  pumps up the audience in the  Duel Palace .     
 Two huge holograms of  Melissa Trail  are projected in the Duel Palace, as she explains that a huge audience of over 20,000 has gathered here in the Duel Palace that towers above all else in  New Domino City  central. She comments that everyone's excitement for the opening of the Friendship Cup is firing up the atmosphere. She tells the crowd that tonight, with herself, Melissa Claire, let's all enjoy the eve of the largest Duel festival in New Domino City, the Friendship Cup. The crowd cheers, and Melissa comments that as always, she's been selected for this important position. 
 Yuya  sits holding his Deck in a lounge, wondering where everyone was taken. He remembers Roget telling the  High Council  that each year on the eve of the Friendship Cup, the King (Master of Faster in the dub) participates in an exhibition match, and suggesting that Yuya be his opponent. Yuya was surprised at the decision, but then the other  Lancers  and the  Commons  were taken away. Yuya asked where they were being taken, and  Gael  reassured them that they would not be harmed,  Gray  pointing out that they were participants in the Friendship Cup.  Azul  agreed that while they were fugitives, they were still heroes, and  Bordeaux  added that "as long as they keep winning, correct, Chairman?"  White Taki  agrees, declaring the Lancers as honored guests as long as they keep winning. Before being taken away,  Gong  reminded Yuya that Zuzu would be somewhere in the stadium, so Yuya must win and put her mind at ease (Zuzu isn't mentioned in the dub).  Sylvio  urges Yuya to show their strength to the  Synchro Dimension  (in the dub, Sylvio calls Yuya the opening act, and himself the headliner), and  Crow  tells Yuya to crush that traitor, Jack Atlas. 
 
       Yuya  asks  Sam  about  Jack Atlas .     
 The word "traitor" echoes uncomfortably in Yuya's mind, and he turns to  the boy  in the room with him, asking him what Jack is like. The boy is surprised, and Yuya asks if he was told not to talk to him. The boy replies that it's okay, so Yuya asks if he's one of Jack's fans. The boy is taken aback, and Yuya explains that he heard that Jack is a shared king for the  Topsiders  and the Commons, and thus likely has a lot of fans. When the boy hesitates, Yuya apologizes; talking about that before he's about to Duel must be hard on the boy. He's just curious as to the kind of person that Jack is. The boy timidly explains that Jack first rose to the position of Duel King three years ago, and since then has remained an absolute ruler. They call him the strongest Duelist in the world; and he has the demeanor and conduct worthy of it, as least, that's what he thinks. Yuya apologizes again for putting the boy on the spot. Shyly, the boy tells Yuya that it's almost time, and asks him to follow him. Yuya gets up to follow the boy.
 Zuzu tells Yugo to hold on, but the excited Commons can't contain himself, and he runs up the stairs, cheering that he's finally made it to the Duel Palace. He asks if he'll really able to Duel in this huge arena, and admits that he can't wait. Zuzu is impressed as well; Paradise Stadium was huge as well, but the grounds for  Turbo Duels  are so spacious. Four images of Melissa Claire appear as she tells the crowd that it's time for the main event; New Domino City's pride, the Duel King, a special opening match by Jack Atlas. The crowd cheers Jack's name, including the excited Yugo. Melissa is impressed, commenting that it's as expected of the the symbol of the Friendship Cup, Jack Atlas. The hearts of Tops and Commons come together as one. She tells them to please wait a minute, and everyone pauses in confusion. Melissa explains that first they'll introduce the lucky Duelist selected to Duel the King in his exhibition match. His name is Yuya Sakaki. 
 
       Zuzu  tears up after realizing that the Duelist facing off against  Jack Atlas  is  Yuya .     
 Yuya enters the arena on a Duel Runner, and Zuzu is shocked to see Yuya. Poor Yuya isn't used to his Duel Runner yet, running up the side of the arena briefly. He comments that Crow and  the   others  told him about it, but are they really going to Duel while riding these things? Zuzu wonders if it's really Yuya, but then she notices that  her bracelet  is glowing, and she points this out to Yugo, wondering if it's because both Yuya and Yugo are here. Her eyes fill with tears as Yuya pulls up to the starting line, and she states that it's really Yuya. Yugo observes Yuya for the second time, admitting that he doesn't know why he was picked as Jack's opponent (in the dub, he says he thought Yuya would be more handsome), but he feels bad for him, since he's a sacrifice for the King. He asks Zuzu if she knows why there's an exhibition match before the Friendship Cup, and he explains that it's to show everyone the King's strength. The King doesn't participate in the tournament, and the winner is the only one who can Duel him. The tournament is thus to determine who gets to Duel Jack. The eve of the festival is meant to show the height of that summit. Each year, Jack's opponents get a total beating, pushing the rest of the competition to reach that height. He admits that it's something like a practice. Zuzu muses, "A total beating (in the dub, she says he doesn't know Yuya)", and Yugo explains that that's why the opponents for the exhibition matches are called sacrifices. Zuzu mutters, "No way… (in the dub, Yugo says that Zuzu must really believe Yuya, to which she agrees)"
 Melissa announces what everyone's been waiting for; the King's entrance. New Domino City bowed down to that power, that majesty. While his origins lie with the Commons, he stormed along the road to success like a rising dragon; the living legend at the summit of Duelists. Now, here they introduce him; their Duel King, Jack Atlas! 
 
         The Duel King  enters the arena.     
 The lights in the arena dim, and a king card rises in the air overlain with the words "King Jack Atlas". Spotlights snap on, and Jack finally enters the stadium at last, his  Phoenix Whirlwind  gliding through the air. Yugo and  Zuzu watch as the spotlights track Jack as he lands, spins, and speeds forwards. The crowd cheers for Jack, and he points towards the sky in his signature pose, declaring that there is only one king, and that is him (As was in the English dub of 5D's, this is changed to "Who's the Master of Faster? Who rules the Duel? That's right, it's me! Jack Atlas!") Yugo cries that Jack Atlas is seriously so cool. Jack stops beside Yuya, and he asks the crowd how many turns that it will take to defeat Yuya tonight. Yuya is surprised by the brash statement, and one of the Commons in the crowd shouts that it's obvious; just one turn will end this kid. But Jack raises his hand, claiming that the King's Duel can only be entertainment, and Yuya mutters, "entertainment?" Extending a finger, Jack states that the first turn will be his for the taking. He extends a second finger, explaining that on the second turn, the challenger will show off his best highlights (bad moves in the dub). Then he extends a third finger, explaining that on the third turn, he will defeat his opponent, and show him the difference between his power and Jack's overwhelming strength. Gael comments that they'll see what they've got, and Gray and Azul wonder if the strength of the Lancers will surpass the King's. Bordeaux comments to Taki that this is worth the anticipation, and Taki agrees with a smile as  Declan ,  Riley , and  Moon  stand below them. 
 Zuzu whispers Yuya's name. Yuya is disdainful of Jack saying that Yuya will be defeated in three turns. He remembers Crow telling him to crush Jack, and he thinks that he'll show Jack his entertainment. Melissa declares that the  Field Spell Card  will be activated, and from now on, a portion of the rules will be changed. She explains that a special field called an Action Field will be in place; and then she realizes that she doesn't know what she's talking about. Zuzu murmurs "Action Field" in surprise, and in the Executive Council chamber, Gael explains that they have granted Declan's wish, and Gray clarifies Declan's wish as a Duel where  Spell Cards  called  Action Cards  are used. Azul comments that that's the way that the  Lancers  fight, and Declan agrees that it's to take on  Duel Academy . Bordeaux asks in surprise if it's to become accustomed to actual combat, and Gray comments to Taki that this is worth the anticipation. Taki agrees that they should watch this carefully. Still not sure what an Action Field is, Melissa sticks to the script and declares, "Action Field on! Field Spell,  Crossover Acceleration !" A yellow pulse spreads across the sky, and the Action Cards scatter. The holographic starting board appears in front of the Duelists and counts down, and Melissa declares, "Riding Duel: Acceleration!" ("Ready, Set, Go!" in the dub in this and all subsequent Friendship Cup matches). Yuya and Jack start off with a cry of "Duel!" Noting the autopilot function of the Duel Runner, Yuya muses that he sees, realizing that he'll be able to Duel with his hands free.
 Jack takes the first corner, a development according to his predictions, as Melissa notes. Jack declares his turn, Summoning " Red Sprinter " from his hand. As the  Fiend  runs alongside Jack, Jack explains that the effect of "Red Sprinter" lets him Summon a  Tuner monster  from his hand. He Special Summons " Red Resonator " from his hand, and then immediately  tunes  the  Level 4  "Red Sprinter" with the  Level 2  "Red Resonator", and he  chants  "The crimson souls shall become one! All shall tremble before the king's might!  Synchro Summon ! Appear now!  Red Wyvern ! ((Dub) "Witness the power of this ultimate pair! Witness the power of my Synchro Summon! Now rise,  Red Wyvern !")" Jack  Sets  a card face-down, ending his turn. 
 
         Yuya   Pendulum Summons  four monsters.     
 Jack tells Yuya that it's his turn. Jack's letting Yuya show off his best, so don't let him down. Yuya replies that he'll show Jack his entertainment. He declares his turn and draws a card. Then, Yuya uses the Scale 1 " Stargazer Magician " and the Scale 8 " Timegazer Magician " to Set the  Pendulum Scale , allowing him to simultaneously Summon monsters from Levels 2 to  7 . He chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether!  Pendulum Summon ! Come, my monsters! First up is  Performapal Trump Girl ! And next we have  Performapal Skeeter Skimmer ! Next,  Performapal Stamp Turtle ! And finally, our star performer steps on the stage, with your wondrous and beautiful dichromatic eyes,  Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ! ((Dub) "Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monsters are ready to swing into action! Hocus pocus to it, Performapal Trump Girl! H2Go, Performapal Skeeter Skimmer! Stamp to it, Performapal Stamp Turtle! But like any great showman, I've saved the best for last! Turn up the heat, Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon!")" Melissa is shocked to see four monsters Summoned, double the number that she witnessed being Summoned in Central Park. The crowd are all impressed by the Summon, including Yugo, seeing it for the first time. Zuzu cheers that there's no mistake; it's Yuya. 
 Yuya explains that the effect of "Performapal Trump Girl" allows him to use it and monsters on his field for a  Fusion Summon . He  fuses  "Trump Girl" with "Odd-Eyes", chanting, "One who controls the bizarre arts, become the light in the eye of the dragon! Fusion Summon! Come forth! Arcane dragon wielder of ancient dragon magic!  Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ! (Dub: "I Fusion Summon!  Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon !")" Next he  overlays  the Level 4 "Skeeter Skimmer" and "Stamp Turtle", and he chants, "Formed from pitch-black darkness, to fight those foolish enough to oppose it with its treacherous fangs! Descend now!  Xyz Summon !  Rank 4 !  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ! ((Dub) "Cloaked in shadows and relentless in its objective, I call upon the most dangerous of dragons! I Xyz Summon  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon !"
 )" Yugo is shocked to see  Yuto 's dragon, something that Zuzu confirms. Gael muses on Fusion and Xyz, and Gray is surprised that Yuya can command different Summoning methods. Azul declares that this is the power of the Lancers, and Bordeaux comments to Taki that Yuya is quite good. Taki nods in agreement, commenting that this is quite significant. Melissa commentates that Yuya has combined Summoning methods in order to call out two dragons, but their hero, Jack has no plans to say silent.
 
         Yuya  protects " Rune-Eyes " with " Mirror Barrier ".     
 She's proven right, as Jack activates the effect of his "Red Wyvern"; once only, when his opponent has at least two monsters with higher ATK than the 2400  ATK  of "Red Wyvern", he can destroy one of those monsters. He targets "Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon", and "Red Wyvern" blasts a fireball from its mouth. Yuya replies that he won't let Jack, and he drives up the side barrier, snatching an Action Card from the air. He ramps into the air and activates the Action Spell, " Mirror Barrier ", to negate a card effect that would destroy a card, and a Sphere Field forms around "Rune-Eyes" to deflect the blast. Yuya lands, and Melissa gasps that he dodged it, amazed by the Action Card. Jack's fangirls gripe about the move, but the other Tops and Commons in the crowd are impressed by the further evolution of the Turbo Duel. Yuya is disgusted at the thought of being defeated in three turns, and he vows to win the Duel on this turn. Jack smirks.
 
         " Red Wyvern's " attack points are halved twice by " Dark Rebellion's "  Treason Discharge effect .     
 Yuya activates the effect of "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon", allowing him to detach an  Overlay Unit  to halve the ATK of the  Level 5  or higher "Red Wyvern" and have "Dark Rebellion" gain that lost ATK, and he uses both Overlay Units. He declares " Treason Discharge ", and the wings of "Dark Rebellion" unfold and blast lightning at "Red Wyvern", which falls to 600 ATK, while "Dark Rebellion" rises to 4300 ATK. Melissa frantically calls it a huge pinch, and Jack leans down to grab an Action Card, which he studies intently. He's interrupted by Yuya declaring his  Battle Phase , attacking "Red Wyvern" with "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon". "Dark Rebellion" charges forwards and attacks with "Mauling Mandible Charge", destroying "Red Wyvern" and reducing Jack to 300  LP  in one hit. Melissa gasps that Jack has taken huge damage, and Yuya declares a direct attack with "Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon". Melissa asks in horror if Jack is going to lose. She screams, "King!" and Jack's fangirls scream, "Master Atlas!" "Rune-Eyes" attacks with "Shining Burst of Repeating Attacks (Shining Skyshot in the dub)", blasting a beam of light from its ring, and the attack hits home, surrounding the Duelists in smoke. Everyone in the stadium watches in shock, silent.
 
         Jack  revives his monsters.     
 And Jack drives out of the smoke, his LP still at 300. He explains to the shocked Yuya that he activated the Action Spell, " Evasive Evasion ", which Special Summoned an " Evasive Evasion Token ". Once per turn, an "Evasive Evasion Token can negate an attack. Melissa praises Jack for already mastering Action Cards. Yuya explains that the number of times that "Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" can attack changes depending on the Level of its  Spellcaster - Type   Fusion Material . Since "Trump Girl" is Level 2, "Rune-Eyes" can attack twice. Jack responds by activating a  Trap Card , " Reject Reborn ", which negates an attack and then ends the Battle Phase. Next, it destroys all the monsters on his field and Special Summons a number of monsters from the  Graveyard  equal to the number of attacks that were negated this turn. He revives both "Red Wyvern" and "Red Resonator", which activates the effect of "Red Resonator", allowing Jack to regain LP equal to the ATK of a  Synchro Monster  on the field. He regains 2400 LP, bringing him up to 2700. Melissa calls it amazing; not only did Jack survive the turn, but he revived two monsters and regained his LP to boot. She cheers that that's their Jack for you; the ruler of rulers, the King of kings. Yugo cheers that Jack is the best, and so cool, but Zuzu mutters Yuya's name in worry.
 Jack tells Yuya that he said it himself; Dueltainment. He drops back beside Yuya, telling him that his Dueling is nothing more that self-satisfaction; far from entertainment. He tells Yuya that he lacks the strength to climb to the summit where Jack stands, and accelerates forwards. (In the dub, Jack simply calls Yuya's performance abysmal and mediocre at best, before claiming that he's going to bring the curtain down on him.)
 
Declaring his turn and drawing a card, Jack immediately tunes the Level 6 "Red Wyvern" with the Level 2 "Red Resonator". He chants, "Howl of the ruler, shake the heavens and the earth! Engrave the power of the one and only supreme ruler into yourself! Synchro Summon! Savage soul,  Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend ! ((Dub) "Now from the ancient chasms of a lost world, I awaken a great and terrible power! I Synchro Summon! Now rise,  Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend !)" He explains that once per turn, the effect of "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" can destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field and inflict 500 damage for each monster that was destroyed. He declares, "Absolute Power Flame", and "Scarlight" gathers flames around its right arm, blasting the flames at Yuya's monsters.          Yuya  loses to  Jack .      Both "Rune-Eyes" and "Dark Rebellion" are blasted backwards and destroyed, and Yuya falls back as his LP falls to 3000. Powersliding, Jack declares a direct attack with "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend's" "Molten Crimson Flare", telling Yuya to bow before the power of a king (in the dub, he tells Yuya to get out of his arena). The attack hits the ground in front of Yuya's Duel Runner, blasting him into the air and reducing his LP to zero. Zuzu screams Yuya's name as he lands on the asphalt and bounces into the air. 
 Featured Duel: Yuya Sakaki vs. Jack Atlas 
         The King vs. the Entertainer     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel  and a  Turbo Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Jack 
 Jack 's hand contains " Red Sprinter ", " Red Resonator ", " Reject Reborn ", " Revival Gift ", and " Mind Trust ". Jack  Normal Summons  "Red Sprinter" (1700/1000). As there are no other  monsters  on the  field , Jack activates its  effect , letting him  Special Summon  a  Level  3 or lower  Tuner monster  from his hand. He Special Summons "Red Resonator" (600/200) in  Attack Position . Jack  tunes  the Level 4 "Red Sprinter" with the Level 2 Tuner monster "Red Resonator" to  Synchro Summon  " Red Wyvern " (2400/2000) in Attack Position. Jack  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Yuya 
Yuya activates " Stargazer Magician " (   1) and " Timegazer Magician " (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  " Performapal Trump Girl " (200/200), " Performapal Skeeter Skimmer " (500/1600), " Performapal Stamp Turtle " (100/1800), and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (2500/2000), all in Attack Position. He then activates the effect of "Trump Girl", letting him  Fusion Summon  using "Trump Girl" and  Pendulum Monsters  he  controls . He  fuses  "Trump Girl" with "Odd-Eyes" to Fusion Summon " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " (3000/2000) in Attack Position. Yuya  overlays  the Level 4 "Skeeter Skimmer" and "Stamp Turtle" to  Xyz Summon  " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. As his opponent controls two or more monsters with ATK greater than that of "Red Wyvern", Jack activates its effect, letting him  destroy  the monster his opponent controls with the highest ATK. Yuya finds and activates the  Action Card , " Mirror Barrier ", preventing "Rune-Eyes" from being destroyed by card effects this  turn . Yuya activates the effect of "Dark Rebellion" twice,  detaching  both  Overlay Units  to halve the ATK of "Red Wyvern" and add it to that of "Dark Rebellion" ("Red Wyvern": 2400 → 1200 → 600, "Dark Rebellion": 2500 → 3700 → 4300) until the  End Phase . Jack finds an Action Card. "Dark Rebellion"  attacks  and destroys "Red Wyvern" (Jack 4000 → 300  LP ). "Rune-Eyes" attacks  directly , but Jack activates the Action Card, " Evasive Evasion ",  Special Summoning  an " Evasive Evasion Token " (0/0) in Attack Position. A  replay  occurs and "Rune-Eyes" attacks the "Evasive Evasion Token", but Jack activates the effect of the token, letting him  negate  an attack against it  once per turn . As "Rune-Eyes" was Fusion Summoned using a Level 4 or lower  Spellcaster - Type  monster as a Fusion Material, it may attack twice per  Battle Phase . "Rune-Eyes" attacks the "Evasive Evasion Token" again, but Jack activates his  face-down  " Reject Reborn ", negating the attack, ending the Battle Phase and destroying all monsters he controls. Then, he may Special Summon from his Graveyard a number of monsters equal to the number of attacks that were negated this turn. He destroys the "Evasive Evasion Token" and Special Summons "Red Wyvern" (2400/2000) and "Red Resonator" (600/200), both in Attack Position. As it was Special Summoned, the effect of "Red Resonator" activates, letting Jack gain LP equal to the ATK of a face-up  Synchro Monster , in this case, "Red Wyvern" (Jack: 300 → 2700 LP).
 Turn 3: Jack 
Jack tunes the Level 6 "Red Wyvern" with the Level 2 Tuner monster "Red Resonator" to Synchro Summon the Level 8 " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Jack activates the effect of "Scarlight", letting him destroy all Special Summoned monsters other than "Scarlight" with ATK less than or equal to that of "Scarlight" and inflict 500  damage  to his opponent for each destroyed monster. "Dark Rebellion" and "Rune-Eyes" are destroyed (Yuya: 4000 → 3000 LP). "Scarlight" attacks directly (Yuya: 3000 → 0 LP).
 
 Differences in Adaptations 
 In the original version, when Jack prepares to Summon " Red Sprinter ", the original  card backing  is used. In the dub, it is shown it its current design. 
 In the dub, background music from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  is being played throughout the Duel between Yuya and Jack. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Skeeter Skimmer 
 Performapal Stamp Turtle 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Performapal Trump Girl 
 Stargazer Magician 
 Timegazer Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed World Neo 
 
 Jack Atlas Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Red Sprinter 
 Tuner monsters 
 Red Resonator Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Red Wyvern 
 Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mind Trust 
 Speed World Neo 
 Traps 
 Reject Reborn 
 Revival Gift 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mirror Barrier 
 Evasive Evasion 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Face au maître
 
 
  German 
 Match with the Master
 
 
  Italian 
 Duello contro Il Campione
 
 
  Thai 
 ดูเอลคิง "แจ็ค แอทลาส"
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/ArcV_064.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150712124404', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e0/MelissaHypesUpCroud.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817043338', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5d/YuyaAsksAboutJack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402070326', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/ZuzuCrys.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402070338', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/JackEnters.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402070438', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/Yuya5Monsters064.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160817043409', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/05/Rune-EyesMirrorBarrier.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402070621', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5e/RedWyvernHalved.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402070638', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b6/RedWyvernandRedResonator.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160306013004', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/Yuya_loses_to_Jack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160402071556', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/79/Jack_VS_Yuya.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150712124809', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes