Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Armed_Dragon

This article is about the  archetype . For the manga card whose Japanese name is "Armed Dragon", see " Armored Dragon ".      
 
 
 Armed Dragon 
 アームド・ドラゴン  ( Āmudo Doragon ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Armed Dragon LV3 " and " Armed Dragon LV5 " in the artwork of " Level Change ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Dragon Armé 
 
 
 German 
 Bewaffnete/r Drache 
 
 
 Italian 
 Drago Armato 
 
 
 Korean 
 암드 드래곤   Amdeu Deuraegon   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Dragão Armado 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Dragón Armado 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Soul of the Duelist Phantom Darkness Duelist Pack: Chazz Princeton Structure Deck - Dragon's Roar Gold Series 2009 Dark Revelation Volume 3 Turbo Pack: Booster Six Collectible Tins 2010 Wave 1 Structure Deck: Deluxe Edition Duelist Alliance Blazing Vortex 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dragunity Legion Structure Deck Dragons Collide Structure Deck Duel Terminal 5 Monster Figure Collection Volume 3 promotional cards Gold Series 2010 Premium Gold Duelist Saga Legendary Duelists: Ancient Millennium Blazing Vortex Premiere! promotional card OTS Tournament Pack 15 Ghosts From the Past Hidden Arsenal: Chapter 1 Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting 2022 Tin of the Pharaoh's Gods 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duel Terminal - Raid of the Inverz!! Structure Deck: Dragonic Legion Academy Duel Disk Expert Edition Volume 3 Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 2 20th Anniversary Pack 1st Wave 20th Anniversary Legend Collection Blazing Vortex +1 Bonus Pack V Jump Spring 2021 subscription bonus The Valuable Book EX promotional cards 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.16 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Armed Dragon " (アームド・ドラゴン,  Āmudo Doragon ) is an  archetype  of  WIND   Dragon  " LV " monsters used by  Chazz Princeton . They were introduced in  Soul of the Duelist  and related to the " A-to-Z " series through " Armed Dragon Catapult Cannon " and the " Ojama " archetype through " Ojamatch " and " Ojama Pajama ", a reference to Chazz having played the three alongside each other in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. A sub-archetype of the "LV" archetype, they are one of two groups of Dragon "LV" monsters, the other being the " Horus the Black Flame Dragon " series. 
 The majority of the archetype's members are  WIND   Dragon  " LV " monsters. Originally a series, the archetype did not have support until " Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 2 " with the aforementioned "Ojamatch".
 " Hardened Armed Dragon " is not part of the archetype due to its Japanese name, 「ハードアームドラゴン」, not containing 「アームド・ドラゴン」.
 In the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime, Chazz Princeton obtains these cards while at  North Academy , shortly after obtaining " Ojama Yellow , and uses them throughout many of his further appearances throughout the series.
 
 Playing style 
 The original "Armed Dragon" series focused on  sending  cards from the  hand  to the  Graveyard  to  destroy  monsters on the  field . Depending on the  ATK  of the monster sent, certain monsters could be destroyed while others were not. This is why cards that decrease your opponent's monsters attack, such as " Shrink " and " Burden of the Mighty " can be helpful. " Armed Dragon LV10 ", being the strongest, simply destroys all  face-up  monsters regardless of their ATK and  any  card could be sent from the hand to the Graveyard, rather than only monsters, as was the case with the lesser forms. This series is one of two "LV" Dragon series (the other being the " Horus the Black Flame Dragon " archetype).
 " Dark Armed Dragon " is the  Dark counterpart  of " Armed Dragon LV7 ", capable of destroying multiple cards simply by  banishing  DARK monsters from the Graveyard. 
In the artwork of " Dracocension " it is shown that "Dark Armed Dragon" was transformed into " Metaphys Armed Dragon " by it, which is currently the only  Wyrm  member of the Armed Dragon archetype.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3 
 Armed Dragon LV5 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Armed Dragon LV10 
 Armed Dragon LV10 White 
 Armed Dragon Thunder LV3 
 Armed Dragon Thunder LV5 
 Armed Dragon Thunder LV7 
 Armed Dragon Thunder LV10 
 Armed Dragon, the Armored Dragon 
 Pile Armed Dragon 
 Artillery Catapult Turtle 
 Barrier Statue of the Stormwinds 
 Flying Kamakiri 1 
 Koa'ki Meiru Drago 
 Masked Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Darkness Metal Dragon 
 Strong Wind Dragon 
 Windrose the Elemental Lord Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Lightning Chidori Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 After the Storm 
 Armed Dragon Blitz 
 Armed Dragon Lightning 
 Armed Dragon Flash 
 Creature Swap 
 Dragon Ravine 
 Fiend's Sanctuary 
 Gust Fan 
 Level Down!? 
 Level Up! 
 Magic Planter 
 Mystic Box 
 Rising Air Current 
 Sacred Sword of Seven Stars 
 Shrine of Mist Valley 
 Terraforming 
 The Graveyard in the Fourth Dimension 
 Traps 
 Armed Dragon Thunderbolt 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Castle of Dragon Souls 
 Gozen Match 
 Spiritual Wind Art - Miyabi 
 The Grave of Enkindling 
   
" Armed Dragon " 「アームド・ドラゴン」 Members 
 Armed Dragon Catapult Cannon Armed Dragon LV10 Armed Dragon LV10 White Armed Dragon LV3 Armed Dragon LV5 Armed Dragon LV7 Armed Dragon Thunder LV10 Armed Dragon Thunder LV3 Armed Dragon Thunder LV5 Armed Dragon Thunder LV7 Armed Dragon, the Armored Dragon Dark Armed Dragon Metaphys Armed Dragon Pile Armed Dragon 
 Armed Dragon Blitz Armed Dragon Flash Armed Dragon Lightning Armed Dragon Thunderbolt 
 Support 
 Armed Dragon LV10 White Armed Dragon Thunder LV10 Armed Dragon Thunder LV3 Armed Dragon Thunder LV5 Armed Dragon Thunder LV7 Pile Armed Dragon 
 Armed Dragon Blitz Armed Dragon Flash Armed Dragon Lightning Armed Dragon Thunderbolt Ojama Pajama Ojamatch 
 Related 
 Dark Armed, the Dragon of Annihilation Knight of Armor Dragon VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon 
 Armor Dragon Ritual White Veil 
 
 v e 
 Armed Dragon  アームド・ドラゴン a   Members 
 Armed Dragon LV10 Armed Dragon LV3 Armed Dragon LV5 Armed Dragon LV7 Dark Armed Dragon 
 
 v e 
" LV " 
 " Allure Queen " 
 " Armed Dragon " 
 " Dark Lucius " 
 " Horus the Black Flame Dragon " 
 " Masked Knight " 
 " Mystic Swordsman " 
 " Silent Magician " 
 " Silent Swordsman " 
 " Ultimate Insect " 
 " Winged Kuriboh " 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/80/LevelChange-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150828001636']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s)