Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/T%C3%A9a_Gardner_(DSOD_Duel_Links)


 
 Téa Gardner 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Téa Gardner 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Amy Birnbaum 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Maki Saito 
 
 
 
 Téa Gardner  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Téa Gardner , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  film.
 She is exclusive to the special event  Téa Gardner's Reminiscence of the Future , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Appearance 
 2   Description 
 3   Gallery 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Level 10 
 4.3   Level 20 
 4.4   Level 30 
 4.5   Level 40 
 4.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 
 8.1.1   Yami Yugi 
 8.1.2   Tristan Taylor 
 8.1.3   Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 8.1.4   Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 8.1.5   Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 8.1.6   Aigami 
 8.1.7   Bakura (DSOD) 
 
 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 8.2.1   Monsters 
 8.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Monsters 
 9.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Appearance 
 This older variant of Tea obviously is more mature in Duel Links than her younger counterpart. Her eyes are still blue. Her hair color is still brown though she does have a different hail style which consists of being in a short ponytail. For clothing, Tea wears a sleeveless yellow shirt. Around the young woman's neck is a red necklace which ends in a circular shape. She wears a white belt which is around her waist. Underneath said belt is a small and pink skirt. Tea is also wearing thigh-high black socks and she is wearing pink high-heeled shoes, finally completing her attire.
 
 Description 
 Yugi's childhood friend is always there to cheer him on - from his very first Duel to his final battle against the Pharaoh. Even as times change, Téa maintains a positive attitude and keeps pursuing her dreams. After graduating high school, Téa plans to study abroad.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Téa (DSOD) Deck Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Boo Koo  x2 
 Enchanting Mermaid  x2 
 Fairywitch  x2 
 Genin  x2 
 Muse-A  x3 
 Tenderness  x3 
 Weather Control  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl  ( DSOD  art; glossy) Spells  (2) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Blue Medicine  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 Dance of Fairies and Magic Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fairywitch  x3 
 Weather Control  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cupid Serve  x3 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Skelengel  x3 
 Witchcrafter Genni 
 Witchcrafter Pittore Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Symbol of Friendship 
 Witchcrafter Holiday 
 Witchcrafter Unveiling 
 Traps 
 Gift of The Mystical Elf  x2 
 Witchcrafter Patronus 
 Level 20 
 
 Fairies and Magical Craftswomen Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Fire Sorcerer  x2 
 Skelengel  x3 
 Witchcrafter Genni  x3 
 Witchcrafter Pittore  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Symbol of Friendship  x2 
 Witchcrafter Holiday 
 Witchcrafter Unveiling  x2 
 Traps 
 Gift of The Mystical Elf 
 Witchcrafter Masterpiece 
 Witchcrafter Patronus 
 
 
 Level 30 
 
 Magical Craftsmanship Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berry Magician Girl 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Kiwi Magician Girl 
 Witchcrafter Edel 
 Witchcrafter Genni  x3 
 Witchcrafter Pittore  x3 
 Witchcrafter Schmietta  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Book of Secret Arts 
 Breath of Light 
 Exile of the Wicked 
 Witchcrafter Holiday 
 Witchcrafter Unveiling  x2 
 Traps 
 Witchcrafter Masterpiece 
 Witchcrafter Patronus 
 Level 40 
 
 Witchcrafter Guild Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berry Magician Girl  x2 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Kiwi Magician Girl 
 Witchcrafter Edel  x2 
 Witchcrafter Genni  x3 
 Witchcrafter Pittore  x2 
 Witchcrafter Schmietta  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Magic Formula 
 Witchcrafter Holiday 
 Witchcrafter Unveiling  x3 
 Traps 
 Witchcrafter Masterpiece 
 Witchcrafter Patronus 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 A Day in the Magical Citadel Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Berry Magician Girl 
 Dark Magician Girl  (DSOD) x2 
 Fire Sorcerer 
 Witchcrafter Genni  x2 
 Witchcrafter Pittore  x3 
 Witchcrafter Schmietta  x2 Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Book of Secret Arts 
 Goblin's Secret Remedy  x2 
 Witchcrafter Holiday 
 Witchcrafter Unveiling  x3 
 Traps 
 Witchcrafter Masterpiece 
 Witchcrafter Patronus 
 Level-up rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Witchcrafter Masterpiece "
 
 
 4
 
 Holy Guard ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Téa Gardner)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " The Fountain in the Sky "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Téa Gardner)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Witchcrafter Edel "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Mystik Wok "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Magician Girl Defense ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Witchcrafter Masterpiece "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " The Fountain in the Sky "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Witchcrafter Edel "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Grit ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Miraculous Descent "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Mystik Wok "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Witchcrafter Masterpiece "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Téa Gardner)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Miraculous Descent "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Witchcrafter Edel "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of  " Cupid Dunk "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Téa (DSOD), these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Victoria "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Witchcrafter Genni "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Athena "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cupid Serve "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Sage's Stone "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Witchcrafter Patronus "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Solemn Wishes "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Breath of Light "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Exile of the Wicked "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Soul of the Pure "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Goblin's Secret Remedy "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Red Medicine "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Holy Guard
 
 You take no battle damage during your turn.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Magician Girl Defense
 
 As long as you control 2 or more “ Magician Girl ” monsters, all damage you take is halved.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, you Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only).
 When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn.
This Skill will only activate once per Duel.
 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Call of the Magician Girls
 
 If your have 4 or more “ Magician Girl ” monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chances of having a “ Magician Girl ” monster in your starting hand.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Magician Girls
 
 The ATK of “ Magician Girl ” you control is increased by 100 for each “ Magician Girl ” monster you control.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Up for the Fight
 
 All monsters that were Summoned this turn gain 200 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gain the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of this turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Defense Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x200 DEF until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.   This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Life Charge
 
 Increase your Life Points by the current turn count x200. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost δ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 3500, reduces hand by 3 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reload
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward. Add all cards in your hand to your Deck and shuffle it. Then draw the same number of cards that you added to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Téa announces "....... Yugi.....?"
 When she wins the Duel, Téa says "Bye Yugi... I mean, Atem... " 
 When she loses the Duel, Téa says "You're still as strong as always. Just as I hoped! " 
 Tristan Taylor 
 When starting a Duel with  Tristan Taylor (DM) , Téa announces "Whoever loses threats the winner to ice cream!" 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Téa announces "Is that you, Mokuba? You look so mature." 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Yugi Muto (DM)  or  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Téa announces "I'm not gonna lose, Yugi!"
 When she wins the Duel, Téa says "I did it!! I beat Yugi!!!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Téa says "Nice, Yugi! This is why I know you'll achieve your dreams!" 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , Téa announces "Do you really think you can become a pro Duelist Joey?"
 When she loses the Duel, Téa says "I was worried you weren't taking your future seriously." followed by "But it seems I had nothing to worry about!" 
 Aigami 
 When starting a Duel with  Aigami , Téa announces "Umm... What was your name again? ...Oh! Aigami, right?"
 When she wins the Duel, Téa says "I win, Aigami!" 
 When she loses the Duel, Téa says "Aigami... Who are you?" 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Bakura , Téa announces "Whoever loses treats the winner to ice cream!"
 When she loses the Duel, Tea says "Who knows how often we'll get to play each other..." followed by "So let's make every Duel count! I won't lose next time!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Téa Summons " Dark Magician Girl ", a cut-in frame of Téa briefly appears, and she makes an announcement about the card. If that player hasn't already Summoned "Dark Magician Girl" during that Duel, a cut-scene of "Dark Magician Girl" (or its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dark Magician Girl! Attack!" followed by "Dark Burning Attack!" 
 The announcement before the animation cut-scene can be either of the following:
 "I can always count on you, Dark Magician Girl!" 
 "I can sure use your help, Dark Magician Girl!" 
 When Téa Summons " Dark Magician ", a cut-in frame of Téa's face briefly appears, and she announces "Appear, Dark Magician!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dark Magician, go!" followed by "Dark Magic Attack!" 
 When Téa Summons " Apprentice Illusion Magician ", she announces "Here's Apprentice Illusion Magician!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Apprentice Illusion Magician attacks!" 
 When Téa activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Apprentice Illusion Magician adds Dark Magician to my hand!" 
 When Téa activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Now's the time to use Apprentice Illusion Magician's effect!" followed by "My monster gains 2000 ATK and DEF points!" 
 When Téa Summons " Chocolate Magician Girl ", a cut-in frame of Téa's face briefly appears, and she announces "Come on out, Chocolate Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Chocolate Magician Girl attacks!" 
 When Téa activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Chocolate Magician Girl's effect lets me draw a card!" 
 When Téa activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "When Chocolate Magician Girl is attacked, she calls an ally!" 
 When Téa Summons " Kiwi Magician Girl ", a cut-in frame of Téa's face briefly appears, and she announces "I believe in you, Kiwi Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Kiwi Magician Girl attacks!" 
 When Téa activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I discard Kiwi Magician Girl to activate her effect!" 
 When Téa Summons " Toon Dark Magician Girl ", a cut-in frame of Téa's face briefly appears, and she announces "Toon Dark Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Toon Dark Magician Girl!" followed by "Dark Burning Attack!" 
 When Téa Summons " Apple Magician Girl ", she announces "Let's go, Apple Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Apple Magician Girl attacks!" 
 When Téa activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Apple Magician Girl invites her friend to this duel!" 
 When Téa activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Apple Magician Girl's effect activates!" 
 When Téa Summons " Berry Magician Girl ", she announces "Come out, Berry Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Berry Magician Girl attacks!" 
 When Téa activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Berry Magician Girl adds a Magician Girl to my hand!" 
 When Téa activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Berry Magician Girl brings out her friend!" 
 When Téa Summons " Dancing Elf ", she announces "Come out, Dancing Elf!
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dancing Elf, attack! 
 When Téa Summons " Dancing Fairy ", she announces "Let's dance, Dancing Fairy!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Dancing Fairy attacks!" 
 When Téa activates the effect of that monster, she announces "I use Dancing Fairy's effect to increase my Life Points!" 
 When Téa Summons " Lemon Magician Girl ", she announces "Let's go, Lemon Magician Girl!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Lemon Magician Girl attacks!" 
 When Téa activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "I activate Lemon Magician Girl's effect!" 
 When Téa activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Too bad! Lemon Magician Girl's effect activates!" 
 When Téa Summons " Performance of Sword ", she announces "Appear, Performance of Sword!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Performance of Sword attacks!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Téa activates " Breath of Light ", she announces "I'll blow you away with my Spell Card, Breath of Light!" followed by "The wind erodes your Rock monsters to dust!" 
 When Téa activates " Commencement Dance ", she announces "I'll use the Ritual Spell, Commencement Dance!" 
 When Téa activates " Dark Burning Attack ", she announces "Dark Magician Girl, blast 'em with your magic!" followed by "Dark Burning Attack!" 
 When Téa activates " Dark Magic Expanded ", she announces "I'll use my Quick-Play Spell, Dark Magic Expanded!" 
 When Téa activates " Dark Magic Inheritance ", she announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Dark Magic Inheritance!" 
 When Téa activates " Dark Magic Twin Burst ", she announces "Dark Magician Girl, lend Dark Magician your strength! Dark Magic Twin Burst!" 
 When Téa activates " Magic Formula ", she announces "I equip Magic Formula!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Téa announces "Due to Magic Formula's effect, I gain Life Points!" 
 When Téa activates " Magician Navigation ", she announces "Magician Navigation, guide me!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Téa announces "I activate Magician Navigation's effect from my Graveyard!" 
 When Téa activates " Magician's Circle ", she announces "I activate my Trap Card, Magician's Circle!" 
 When Téa activates " Magicians' Defense ", she announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Magicians' Defense!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Téa announces "Magicians' Defense activates when it goes to the GY!" 
 When Téa activates " Sage's Stone ", she announces "I'll use this card to call Dark Magician!" followed by "The Spell Card, Sage's Stone!" 
 When Téa activates " Symbol of Friendship ", she announces "Even when things get tough, I know my friends are with me!" followed by "Symbol of Friendship!" 
 When Téa activates " Unity ", she announces "Our friendship is forever! The Quick-Play Spell, Unity!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Téa Summons " Kuribohrn ", she announces "I'm counting on you, Kuribohrn!"
 Most of the time when Téa declares an attack with that monster, she announces "Attack, Kuribohrn!" 
 When Téa activates the first effect of that monster, she announces "Please save my friend Kuribohrn!" 
 When Téa activates the second effect of that monster, she announces "Kuribohrn resurrects my Kuribohs!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Téa activates " Bond Between Teacher and Student ", she announces "I activate my Spell Card, Bond Between Teacher and Student!" 
 When Téa activates " Dai Dance ", she announces "I never say no to a dance off... but maybe I should..." followed by "Dai Dance!" 
 When Téa activates " Dark Burning Magic ", she announces "The master and student combine their talents!" followed by "The Quick-Play Spell, Dark Burning Magic!" 
 When Téa activates " Magicians' Combination ", she announces "Watch the master and student work together!" followed by "I activate the Continuous Trap, Magicians' Combination!"
 When activating the first effect of that card, Téa announces "I activate Magicians' Combination's effect!" 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Téa announces "I'll use Magicians' Combination's additional effect!" 
 Trivia 
 She is the  Dark Side of Dimensions  (DSOD) counterpart of  Téa Gardner (DM) . 
 The inclusion of " Commencement Dance ", " Dai Dance ", " Dancing Elf ", " Dancing Fairy ", and " Performance of Sword " as card-specific dialogue reference Téa's desire to become a dancer in the future. 
 When Téa wins a Duel against  Joey Wheeler (DM)  or  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) , she says "Joey, you can't seriously be this weak." or "Will you take Dueling seriously? Or you'll never be a pro!" 
 Lumis and Umbra ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD),  Scud ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas ,  Crow Hogan ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo ,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine ,  Kalin Kessler , and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Zane Truesdale , and  Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and  Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and  Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi ,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM)  and  Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers , Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD),  Axel Brodie , Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Maximillion Pegasus , and  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik ,  Espa Roba ,  Aigami ,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith , and Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and  Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki  and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale,  Aster Phoenix , Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale,  Tyranno Hassleberry , and Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and  Tori Meadows 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM),  Mako Tsunami , Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki,  Jaden/Yubel  -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate voice lines for specific Monster Cards:
 Mai Valentine -  Cyber Harpie Lady 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon,  Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Axel Brodie -  Maiden of the Aqua ,  Volcanic Doomfire 
 Carly Carmine -  Fortune Fairy Ann ,  Fortune Fairy Chee ,  Fortune Fairy En ,  Fortune Fairy Hikari ,  Fortune Fairy Hu ,  Fortune Fairy Swee 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/T%C3%A9aGardnerDSOD-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/276?cb=20200625154047', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/Profile-DULI-TeaGardnerDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20200626002445', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/58/Icone-DULI-TeaGardnerDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20200625142806', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/Icon-DULI-TeaGardnerDSOD2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200625142933', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/CutIn-DULI-TeaGardnerDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200626002504', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f3/Summoning-DULI-TeaGardnerDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220117101026', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/Defeat-DULI-TeaGardnerDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220117101002', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters