Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Artifact


 
 Artifact 
 アーティファクト  ( Ātifakuto ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right: " Achilleshield ", " Labrys ", " Beagalltach ", " Moralltach ", " Failnaught ", " Caduceus " and " Aegis ", in the artwork of " Artifact Sanctum ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Artéfact 
 
 
 German 
 Artefakt 
 
 
 Italian 
 Artefatto 
 
 
 Korean 
 아티팩트   Atipaekteu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Artefato 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Artefacto 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Primal Origin Duelist Alliance Extreme Force 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Primal Origin Sneak Peek Participation Card 2015 Mega-Tin Mega Pack OTS Tournament Pack 4 Maximum Crisis Battles of Legend: Light's Revenge OTS Tournament Pack 8 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Battles of Legend: Hero's Revenge Duel Overload Battles of Legend: Armageddon Ghosts From the Past Structure Deck: Albaz Strike 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Primal Origin Booster Pack Guide promotional card Extra Pack: Knights of Order Dimension of Chaos 20th Anniversary Pack 2nd Wave Special Pack 20th Anniversary Edition Vol.6 LINK VRAINS Pack 3 Structure Deck: Alba Strike 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Advanced Event Pack 2014 Vol.3 Extra Pack 2016 Advanced Event Pack 2017 Vol.1 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Artifact " (アーティファクト  Ātifakuto ) is an  archetype  of  Level / Rank  5  LIGHT   Fairy   monsters  based around artifacts and weapons of ancient history and mythology. They benefit from being  destroyed  by  card effects , and their Main Deck members can be  Set  as  Spell Cards .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Members 
 3   Story 
 4   Playing style 
 5   Recommended cards 
 6   Weaknesses 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 
 
 Design 
 "Artifacts" are based on different types of ancient and mythological weapons of various cultures and mythologies.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Artifact 
 Origin
 
 
 Achilleshield 
 Shield of Achilles 
 
 
 Aegis 
 Aegis 
 
 
 Beagalltach 
 Beagalltach 
 
 
 Caduceus 
 Caduceus 
 
 
 Chakram 
 Chakram 
 
 
 Durendal 
 Durendal 
 
 
 Failnaught 
 Fail-not 
 
 
 Labrys 
 Labrys 
 
 
 Lancea 
 Spear of Longinus 
 
 
 Mjollnir 
 Mjölnir 
 
 
 Moralltach 
 Moralltach 
 
 
 Scythe 
 Scythe 
 
 
 Vajra 
 Vajra 
 
 Visually, "Artifacts" share the same gold and silver coloration, with a  steampunk-ish  motif along with a dark black circle along the central vertical axis (two circles for the Xyz) of the weapon and thick black lines engraved along the body and blade. When the monster is "active" (as seen in " Artifact Ignition "), the dark circle is replaced with a gear-like emblem shared among all the "Artifacts" with a colored glow unique to that artifact, with the black engravings sharing that color.
 The colors of the glowing emblem and engravings follow the 7 colors of the rainbow and 4 colors of the CMYK color model (the exception being " Artifact Durendal ," which combines " Artifact Beagalltach " and " Artifact Moralltach " colors). Along with that, a single colored glowing spirit sharing its color is holding the "Artifact" while activated. According to the Primal Origin Booster Pack Guide, these spirits are artificial wielders generated by the weapons based on their most powerful owners. These spirits bear a strong resemblance to  Equip Spell Cards  Summoned as monsters by  Geko Tenma  under the influence of " Armament Reincarnation ".
 
 Story 
 The "Artifacts" are ancient relics that once were used by heroes of other ages. They dwell in a "Treasure Vault" hidden beyond mountains. Using an energy source and their memories, they are able to manifest themselves in the form of those who wielded them in the past. However, it seems many of their memories are missing, and even without knowing why, they can merge together to work as one single "Artifact", one of those being the  Memory-Severing Sword, Durendal , created with the power of "Beagalltach" and "Moralltach". [1] 
 
 Playing style 
 All Main Deck "Artifact" monsters are capable of setting themselves as Spell Cards during your Main Phase. They also share an effect that Summons them after being destroyed during your opponent's turn by either player's card effects. Finally, all Main Deck "Artifact" monsters share an effect that triggers during your opponent's turn when it is Special Summoned by any means (except " Artifact Caduceus " , which triggers when ANY "Artifact" is Summoned during your opponent's turn), and by utilizing these effects, Artifact decks can generate massive field presences, disrupting your opponent's moves and turning the tides very quickly thanks to " Artifact Caduceus ", " Artifact Failnaught " and " Artifact Moralltach ". They can also protect those field presences thanks to " Artifact Aegis " and " Artifact Achilleshield ", allowing you to mount massive comeback next turn.
 Cards like " Malevolent Catastrophe " and " Absorbing Jar " can provide a huge advantage, as they can can speed up the Summoning and triggering of the effects of the "Artifacts", upon being activated during your opponent's turn. " Shining Angel " and " Nova Summoner " are great cards to run to allow the Summoning of " Artifact Aegis " (as a strong defense) or "Artifact Beagalltach" (to destroy and Special Summon more "Artifacts").
 Recently, many decks have include a small suite of Artifact cards (usually consists of " Artifact Moralltach " and " Artifact Sanctum ", but can include " Artifact Beagalltach " and " Artifact Ignition " as well) to provide powerful disruption power and access to Rank 5 Xyz Monsters such as " Constellar Pleiades " and " Number 61: Volcasaurus ", since those cards are already proven dangerous on their own. These kind of practices is commonly found in Trap-heavy decks to punish their opponent and possibly deter them from using backrow destruction cards.
 You could use them in a "Superheavy Samurai" deck, as they are monsters. When they are in the Graveyard they aren't Spell cards, so it won't hurt the effects of "Superheavy Samurai" monsters. Additionally, they can be used for a Synchro Summon or as Tribute fodder for high-level "Superheavy Samurai" monsters.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Artifact Achilleshield 
 Artifact Aegis 
 Artifact Beagalltach 
 Artifact Caduceus 
 Artifact Chakram 
 Artifact Failnaught 
 Artifact Labrys 
 Artifact Lancea 
 Artifact Mjollnir 
 Artifact Moralltach 
 Artifact Scythe 
 Cardcar D 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Honest 
 Nova Summoner 
 Overlay Booster 
 Photon Slasher 
 Risebell the Star Psycher 
 Shining Angel 
 Silver Sentinel 
 Solar Wind Jammer 
 Star Drawing 
 Tethys, Goddess of Light 
 Toy Magician 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind 
 Genex Ally Birdman 
 Herald of Orange Light Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chimeratech Fortress Dragon 
 Chimeratech Overdragon 
 Panzer Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons 
 Hot Red Dragon Archfiend 
 Stardust Spark Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Artifact Durendal 
 Constellar Pleiades 
 Constellar Ptolemy M7 
 Gaia Dragon, the Thunder Charger 
 Other  Rank 5  monsters 
 Link Monsters 
 Artifact Dagda Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Artifact Ignition 
 Artifacts Unleashed 
 Cards from the Sky 
 Celestial Transformation 
 Double Cyclone 
 Instant Fusion 
 Magic Planter 
 Quick Booster 
 Quiet Life 
 Transmodify 
 Traps 
 Artifact Sanctum 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Chain Whirlwind 
 Malevolent Catastrophe 
 Miraculous Descent 
 Summon Limit 
 Weaknesses 
 Despite the fact that "Artifacts" can hastily unleash game-changing plays from within their unorthodox, Spell/Trap Card Zones, they are not impeccable as far as weaknesses go. In fact, " Dark Simorgh " or " Denko Sekka ", combined with any of the following, such as " Soul Drain ", " Silent Graveyard " and " Light-Imprisoning Mirror " will completely shut down these Decks as the said cards combined will inhibit both their Setting  and  return from the Graveyard. A similarly total disabling can be achieved with combining  Macro  tactics (i.e. " Macro Cosmos ") with anti- Special Summoning  cards (i.e. " Archlord Kristya ", " Evilswarm Ophion ", " Majesty's Fiend ", " Vanity's Emptiness ", etc.) to impede them from Special Summoning themselves from the Graveyard and keeping them off the Field and their secondary effects as well. " Summon Limit " may also limit their returns, if there are any, albeit much less efficiently.
 " Skill Drain " and " Angel O7 " can also counteract Artifacts because even if they  can  and  do  get Special Summoned, their secondary effects won't trigger once they hit the field. " El Shaddoll Winda " can also prove catastrophic for this deck, since she's not only limiting your Special Summons, but also cannot be destroyed by your card effects, rendering " Artifact Moralltach " useless.
 Finally, most "Artifact" monsters are without their effects, mediocre stat-wise for a  Swarm -type deck. While many of them boast above-average stats (compared to Decks like  Chronomaly ), they can still be easily beaten in battle by many other superior Decks of their type (i.e. " Hieratics " and " Atlanteans ".) Plus, in the event that "Artifact" monsters cannot be  Set , all of the non-Xyz "Artifact" monsters are  Level  5, making them a very impractical and expendable  Normal Summon , if things come down to such.
 
 Trivia 
 The archetype's artworks are similar to those of " Fire Fist ", as they both feature corporeal and spectral figures fighting together. 
 References 
 
 ↑   YGOrganization  - [OCG] Artifact Lore 
 
 
   
" Artifact " 「アーティファクト」 Members 
 Artifact Achilleshield Artifact Aegis Artifact Beagalltach Artifact Caduceus Artifact Chakram Artifact Dagda Artifact Durendal Artifact Failnaught Artifact Labrys Artifact Lancea Artifact Mjollnir Artifact Moralltach Artifact Scythe Artifact Vajra 
 Artifact Ignition Artifact Sanctum Artifacts Unleashed 
 Support 
 Artifact Achilleshield Artifact Aegis Artifact Caduceus Artifact Dagda Artifact Failnaught Artifact Labrys Artifact Mjollnir 
 Artifact Ignition Artifact Sanctum Artifacts Unleashed 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a8/Artifact.png/revision/latest?cb=20140214134404']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)