Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Tips:Aegis_of_Gaia


 Aegis of Gaia 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 
 This card can be  searched  by " A Cat of Ill Omen " and " The Despair Uranus ". 
 If this card is destroyed while being negated by " Jinzo ", then you won't lose Life Points.  The effect is applied on the field, so " The End of Anubis " won't do anything. 
 This card is best used when your " The Agent of Force - Mars ", " Neo-Parshath, the Sky Paladin "  and/or " Ancient Sacred Wyvern " is being attacked; the Life Point gain will increase your monster's ATK and potentially reverse the matchup. For the former two, their effects only apply when " The Sanctuary in the Sky " is on your field.
 " Number 43: Manipulator of Souls " will gain 3000 ATK no matter the LP differential and also inflict 3000 damage at your opponent, as long as it hasn't already used this effect on the same turn. 
 This card can also allow " The Agent of Judgment - Saturn " to inflict 3000 more damage from its effect at the cost of your Battle Phase. 
 Use this card in an “ Aroma ” deck to manipulate your life points for their card effects. 
 Use this card with " Imperial Custom " to be sure that it will not be destroyed. However, it can still leave the field in other ways and cost you Life Points. 
 Use this card with " The Winged Dragon of Ra " to either strengthen him by 3000 more ATK, let him use his destruction effect, or just protect your 100 LP.
 Use one of the above strategies to also either give yourself another 3000 or prevent your life points from hitting zero. 
 Cards like " Prime Material Dragon ", " One Day of Peace " and " Des Wombat " can overcome the disadvantage of losing 3000 Life Points when it is removed from the field. 
 This card can help fulfill the condition for " Ancient Leaf ". 
 Use " Damage Mage ", " Guard Penguin " or " D/D/D Rebel King Leonidas " to get back the Life Points lost by this card. 
 Use " Rainbow Life " before your opponent destroys "Aegis of Gaia" to recover 3000 more Life Points instead. 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Tips