Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Shugo2.png


 
 Shougo Aoyama 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Shougo Aoyama 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 青 山   翔 吾 青山 翔吾 あおやま しょうご Rōmaji: ( Aoyama Shōgo ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Eiko Yamada 
 
 
 
 Shougo Aoyama  ( 青 山   翔 吾   Aoyama Shōgo ) appears in a  Yu-Gi-Oh!  movie  based on  Toei's  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series  as one of the protagonists. Shougo's family name, Aoyama, means "blue mountain" but can also mean "burial place". His given name means "I fly".
 
 Biography 
 Shougo is  Mokuba's  age. He went to a card shop to buy a card pack, but  three bullies  told him that he couldn't get anything because he was bad at dueling. When he bought a card pack from the shop lady, he opened it. The pack had " Kuriboh " but then he saw that it had  a " Red-Eyes B. Dragon ". However, he is too timid to pull a winning streak, and once he gets the Red-Eyes resorts to simply intimidating people with it so they won't duel him. People didn't believe he had it at first but after showing it, people backed off from him. He gets an invitation from Seto Kaiba to participate in a Duel Monsters tournament, however he decides not to go. 
 The next day, Seto's bodyguard  Kemo  chased after him to make him participate as it was everyone's duty to appear in this tournament. Yugi and Joey save him, but Shougo's card and Yugi's Millennium Puzzle get stolen by one of Kaiba's men. Joey manages to get Red-Eyes back, but Seto still had the Puzzle.
 Joey tells Shougo to duel, but Shougo doesn't want to. Joey gets angry with Shougo for not going. Yugi decides to duel Kaiba instead. However, unknown to Yugi and Shougo, Joey slips Red-Eyes into Yugi's deck.
 Once at the tournament, Kaiba and Yugi duel. Eventually Kaiba gets  Blue-Eyes White Dragon's 3-Body Connection  on the field. Yugi can only win if he uses the Red-Eyes from Shougo's deck. However, he wants to hear Shougo say he's not afraid anymore. So Shougo summons the Red-Eyes in Yugi's deck after getting over his fear of dueling. Yugi uses the Red-Eyes, fusing it with  Meteor Dragon  to form the  Meteor B. Dragon  to destroy the Blue-Eyes and win the match.
 After the tournament, Yugi congratulates Shougo on getting over his fear and hands him his Red Eyes back.
 He is last seen dueling Yugi with Tristan, Tea, Miho and Joey watching.
 
 Deck 
 Apart from " Red Eyes Black Dragon " and " Silver Fang ", Shougo's Deck was not shown, but he was shown to have the card " Kuriboh " as it came in the same  Booster Pack  as "Red-Eyes Black Dragon".
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/53/Shugo2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150109235004']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) characters