Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dr._Vellian_Crowler_(Duel_Links)


 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 クロノス・デ・メディチ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Dr. Vellian Deck Rusted Gears Weathered Gears Mechanized Gears Dark Age Gears Ultimate Gears 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Sean Schemmel 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiroshi Shimizu 
 
 
 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Vellian Crowler , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 Prior to April 16, 2018, he was exclusive to the  special event   Dr. Crowler's Tricky Tests , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 Green  Gate Keys  are normally required to Duel Dr. Vellian Crowler at the  Gate . During the special event, Academy Notebooks are required instead.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Deck 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Opponent 
 
 4.2.1   Level 10 
 4.2.2   Level 20 
 4.2.3   Level 30 
 4.2.4   Level 40 
 4.2.5   Level 50 
 
 
 4.3   Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 4.4   Neos Cup 
 4.5   Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 
 4.5.1   Level 20 
 4.5.2   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 9   Unsused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Dr. Crowler is  Duel Academy 's #1 professor (or so he claims). But as the instructor in basic  duel  training, his skills with  Ancient Gear   monsters  are unquestioned. At first, Dr. Crowler was focused on expelling  Jaden  from Duel Academy, but his views changed over time. What hasn't changed is his erratic behavior that has his students questioning his PhD.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat Event icon 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Use level 7 or higher Mosnter Cards 3 time(s) in one Duel World (GX) Duel.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 3 win(s) using only Machine-Type Monsters Cards in Duel World (GX) Duels.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 1 Comback Victory(ies) in Duels against Dr. Vellian Crowler at level 30 using Jaden Yuki.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Inflict 2000 or more points of effect damage with a single effect activation in a Duel against Dr. Vellian Crowler at level 30 using Jaden Yuki.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Summon " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman " 1 time(s) while playing as Jaden Yuki, in a Duel against Dr. Vellian Crowler at level 30.
 
 3 SR Jewels
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 50 Green Keys
 
 Deck 
 Character 
 
 Dr. Vellian Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Giant Mech Soldier  x3 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Shovel Crusher  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear  x3 
 Ancient Gear Golem  (glossy) 
 Karakuri Spider  x3 Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Machine Conversion Factory 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Rusted Gears Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Holograh  x3 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Shovel Crusher  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear  x3 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x2 
 Karakuri Spider  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Germ Infection  x3 
 Level 20 
 
 Weathered Gears Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Holograh  x3 
 Mighty Guard  x3 
 Shovel Crusher  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Cannon  x3 
 Ancient Gear Engineer  x2 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x3 
 Level 30 
 
 Mechanized Gears Monsters  (10) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Beast  x2 
 Ancient Gear Box 
 Ancient Gear Cannon  x3 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 
 Gemini monsters 
 Ancient Gear Knight Spells  (9) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Castle  x3 
 Ancient Gear Factory 
 Ancient Gear Fist  x2 
 Ancient Gear Workshop 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x2 
 Traps 
 Zero Gravity 
 Level 40 
 
 Dark Age Gears Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Beast 
 Ancient Gear Box  x2 
 Ancient Gear Golem  x3 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 
 Gemini monsters 
 Ancient Gear Knight  x2 Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Castle  x3 
 Ancient Gear Tank  x2 
 Ancient Gear Workshop 
 Spell Gear 
 Traps 
 Zero Gravity  x2 
 Level 50 
 Skill: "Middle Age Mechs"
 
 
 Ultimate Gears Monsters  (9) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Box  x3 
 Ancient Gear Golem  x3 
 Gemini monsters 
 Ancient Gear Knight  x3 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem  x3 Spells  (9) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Castle  x3 
 Ancient Gear Workshop  x3 
 Polymerization  x3 
 Traps 
 Zero Gravity  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 Neos Cup 
 
 Ancient Science Monsters  (12) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Beast 
 Ancient Gear Box 
 Ancient Gear Cannon  x2 
 Ancient Gear Engineer  x2 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 
 Gemini monsters 
 Ancient Gear Knight  x2 Spells  (8) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Factory 
 Ancient Gear Fist  x2 
 Ancient Gear Tank 
 Ancient Gear Workshop  x2 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x2 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Ties of the Brethren" (Vellian Crowler begins the Duel with the Spell Card " Ties of the Brethren " in his hand.)
 
 
 Entrance Exam #1 Monsters  (11) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear  x3 
 Ancient Gear Cannon  x2 
 Ancient Gear Engineer 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 
 Karakuri Spider  x2 Spells  (9) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Drill  x2 
 Ancient Gear Factory 
 Ancient Gear Workshop  x2 
 Magnet Circle LV2  x3 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Level 40 
Skill: "Middle Age Mechs " (Activate the Continues Spell " Ancient Gear Castle " at the beginning of Vellian Crowler's first turn.) 
 Entrance Exam #2 Monsters  (9) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Beast 
 Ancient Gear Box  x3 
 Ancient Gear Engineer 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Ancient Gear Soldier  x3 Spells  (7) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Castle 
 Ancient Gear Workshop  x3 
 Storm  x3 
 Traps 
 Pulse Mines 
 Statue of the Wicked  x3 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Dr. Vellian Crowler reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Soldier "
 
 
 4
 
 Middle Age Mechs ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Dr. Vellian Crowler)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Cannon "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Dr. Vellian Crowler)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Beast "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Tank "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Beatdown ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Castle "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Soldier "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Cannon "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Engineer "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Fist "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Box "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Dr. Vellian Crowler)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Explosive "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Golem "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Knight "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Spell Gear "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Dr. Vellian Crowler)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Ancient Gear Box "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 or higher Dr. Vellian Crowler, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Ancient Gear Golem "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Emes the Infinity "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ancient Gear Engineer "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ancient Gear Knight "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ancient Gear Fist "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Ancient Gear Workshop "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ancient Gear Beast "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ancient Gear Soldier "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ancient Gear Factory "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ancient Gear Drill "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Statue of the Wicked "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Middle Age Mechs
 
 At the beginning of your first turn, activate the Continuous Spell " Ancient Gear Castle ".
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Beatdown
 
 Until the end of the turn, increase the ATK of all face-up Level 5 or higher monsters you control by the number of Level 5 or higher monsters you control times 300. This Skill can only be used once per Duel
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Battle! Ancient Gear
 
 Each of the following effects can be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 During this turn, you can Normal Summon/Set "Ancient Gear Golem" or "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound" without Tributing. 
 If you control "Ancient Gear Golem", Set 1 "Polymerization" from outside of your Deck. During the End Phase of this turn, return that card to the very bottom of your Deck. 
 This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck (excluding Extra Deck) that contains at least 12 Level 8 or lower "Ancient Gear" monsters.
 
 
 Mission
 
 
 Teacherly Discipline
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. Declare a Monster, Spell or Trap Card. That type of card will be randomly selected from your opponent's Deck and placed on top of their Deck. Neither player will see what the card is. Nothing will be placed on top of your opponent's Deck if the declared card type is not in their Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Crowler says "You're nothing but a truant!" followed by "I'll fail this insolent little brat and send him home in no time!"
 When he wins the Duel, Crowler says "That's what you get, slacker!" followed by "Your Duel gets the same grade as all your tests - an F minus!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Crowler says "Jaden, as a professor, I remember all my students." followed by "But I especially won't forget you for being the slacker of all slackers." 
 Zane Truesdale 
 When Crowler wins a Duel against  Zane Truesdale , he says "Zane..." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Golem ", a cut-in frame of Crowler appears, and he announces "Step forward, Ancient Gear Golem!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Ancient Gear Golem" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Ancient Gear Golem" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hahahaha! Go, Ancient Gear Golem!" followed by "Mechanized Melee!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound ", a cut-in frame of Crowler appears, and he announces "Come on out, Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound!" (spoken as "Come on out, Ancient Gear Golem - Mechanized Melee!")
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound attacks!" (spoken as "Ancient Gear Golem - Mechanized Melee attacks!") followed by "Mechanized Melee Mahem!...That's a tongue twister." 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Golem - Ultimate Pound's effect activates!" (spoken as "Come on out, Ancient Gear Golem - Mechanized Melee's effect activates!") 
 When Crowler Summons " Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem ", a cut-in frame of Crowler appears, he announces "I never expected to use this monster against a student!" followed by "Feel the wrath of Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Prepare to be expelled! Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem! Attack!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Beast ", a cut-in frame of Crowler's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's my four-legged friend, Ancient Gear Beast!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declare an attack with that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Beast, show 'em who's top dog!" followed by "Precious Fang!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Engineer ", a cut-in frame of Crowler's face briefly appears, and he announces "Come here, Ancient Gear Engineer!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Ancient Gear Engineer!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Engineer's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Hydra ", a cut-in frame of Crowler's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Ancient Gear Hydra!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Hydra, devour 'em!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Hydra's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Crowler's face briefly appears, and he announces he announces "This dragon will shine for eternity!" followed by "Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Eat this. Attack, Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear ", he announces "Come here, Ancient Gear!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Ancient Gear!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Box ", he announce "I present to you... Ancient Gear Box!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Box attacks!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Box's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Cannon ", he announces "Roll in, Ancient Gear Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Cannon, lock and load!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Cannon's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Chimera ", he announces "Lay eyes on Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Chimera!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em, Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Chimera!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Chimera's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon ", he announces "Hehehehehe... Soar, Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take this! Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon attack!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Howitzer ", he announces "Here's the machine of all machines. Ancient Gear Howitzer!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Ancient Gear Howitzer!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Howitzer's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Hunting Hound ", he announces "Pounce on in, Ancient Gear Hunting Hound!" followed by "Who's a good pooch? You are. You are."
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sink 'em. Ancient Gear Hunting Hound!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Hunting Hound's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Knight ", he announces "Ancient Gear Knight is here!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Knight! Spear 'em!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Soldier ", he announces "Rise, Ancient Gear Soldier!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Soldier, attack!" followed by "Rapid Fire Flurry!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Wyvern ", he announces "Swoop the the field, Ancient Gear Wyvern!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sink your fangs, Ancient Gear Wyvern!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Wyvern's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Toon Ancient Gear Golem ", he announces "My Ancient Gear Golem... Eh, whatever." followed by "Because here comes Toon Ancient Gear Golem!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Toon Ancient Gear Golem!" followed by "Attack with... I don't know... Flaming Jab?" (spoken as "Attack with... I don't know... ah... Flaming Jab?") 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Castle ", he announces "My Continuous Spell activates! Ancient Gear Castle!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Catapult ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Ancient Gear Catapult!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Drill ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Ancient Gear Drill!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Explosive ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Ancient Gear Explosive!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Factory ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Ancient Gear Factory!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Fist " or its effect, he announces "I activate my Equip Spell, Ancient Gear Fist!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Fortress ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Ancient Gear Fortress!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Reborn ", he announces "The Continuous Trap, Ancient Gear Reborn!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Tank " or its effect, he announces "The Equip Spell, Ancient Gear Tank!" 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Workshop ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Ancient Gear Workshop!" 
 When Crowler activates " Geartown ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell, Geartown!" 
 When Crowler activates " Magnet Circle LV2 ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Magnet Circle LV2!" 
 When Crowler activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Crowler activates " Spell Gear ", he announces "I activate Spell Gear!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of " Statue of the Wicked ", he announces "My Trap Card activates! Statue of the Wicked!" followed by "I Special Summon 1 Wicked Token!" 
 When Crowler activates " Zero Gravity ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Zero Gravity!" 
 Unsused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Crowler Summons " Ancient Gear Gadget ", he announces "Emerge, Ancient Gear Gadget!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Ancient Gear Gadget!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Ancient Gear Gadget's effect activates!" 
 When Crowler Summons " Chaos Ancient Gear Giant ", he announces "Join us, Chaos Ancient Gear Giant!"
 Most of the time when Crowler declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hahaha. Chaos Ancient Gear Giant attacks!" followed by "Crush of Darkness!" 
 When Crowler activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos Ancient Gear Giant's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Crowler activates " Ancient Gear Inspection ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Ancient Gear Inspection!" 
 When Crowler activates " Crazy Summon Gear ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Crazy Summon Gear!" 
 When Crowler activates " Damage Condenser ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Damage Condenser!" 
 When Crowler activates " Desperate Battle ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Desperate Battle!" 
 When Crowler activates " Limiter Removal " he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Limiter Removal!" 
 When Crowler activates " Unfinished Ancient Gear ", he announces "The Trap Card, Unfinished Ancient Gear!" 
 When Crowler activates " Unfinished Time Box " he announces "The Continuous Trap, Unfinished Time Box!" 
 Trivia 
 Some of the cards for which Crowler has card-specific dialogue, such as the additional  Ancient Gear  cards, were not used in the anime or manga, and are references to his video game counterparts ( Legacy of the Duelist ,  Millennium Duels , and  Tag Force ) using those said cards. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Mako Tsunami ,  Rex Raptor ,  Bandit Keith ,  Ishizu Ishtar , Odion,  Maximillion Pegasus ,  Arkana ,  Espa Roba ,  Scud ,  Prana , Dr. Vellian Crowler, Syrus Truesdale, and Sartorius Kumar are the characters with the least character-specific dialogue in-game.
 The aforementioned characters, excluding Prana, have the average amount of character-specific dialogue a Legendary Duelist possesses. 
 The Paradox Brothers , Arkana,  Lumis and Umbra ,  Aigami ,  Sera , Prana,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler,  Bastion Misawa , Tyranno Hassleberry, Sartorius Kumar,  Blair Flannigan ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler , and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, or anime-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Crowler's dialogue for such cards include: " Ancient Gear Inspection ", " Crazy Summon Gear ", " Desperate Battle ", " Unfinished Ancient Gear ", and " Unfinished Time Box ". 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Continuous Spell activated:
 Maximillion Pegasus - It's a Toon World 
 Alexis Rhodes - Master of Rites II 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler - Middle Age Mechs 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and  Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Axel Brodie ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and Mako Tsunami 
 v e 
 Vellian Crowler  (Cronos de Medici) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Links 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/DrVellianCrowler-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171025124152', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/Profile-DULI-DrVellianCrowler.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306182647', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/Icon-DULI-DrVellianCrowler.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301164749', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Icon-DULI-DrVellianCrowler2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301172938', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/93/Chibi-DULI-DrVellianCrowler.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132738', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/CutIn-DULI-DrVellianCrowler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314183749', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d2/Summoning-DULI-DrVellianCrowler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315173328', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bf/Defeat-DULI-DrVellianCrowler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307145306', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ec/Icon-DULI-DrCrowlersTrickyTests.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301173216', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Vellian Crowler pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters