Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mokuba_Kaiba_(Toei)


 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 海馬モクバ 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei anime) 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Katsue Miwa 
 
 
 
 Mokuba Kaiba  is the  Toei  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime  incarnation of  Mokuba Kaiba . Mokuba is the younger brother of  Seto Kaiba .
 
 Biography 
 Mokuba saw  Yugi  for the first time after the Beauty Contest ended while Yugi was walking the way home and he was passing in his limousine fingering character eggs from Capsule Monster Chess in his hands. 
 He was reunited with his brother at his office to discuss about their rival, Omega Town and he was with Daimon during the duel to obtain some CD's with game secrets. He also greets his father Gozaburo when he landed with his helicopter. 
 After Daimon's defeat he helped  Seto  to prepare the Death-T for his revenge against Yugi. When Yugi and co went with  Bakura  to the new Game Center, they discovered that Mokuba was in the first place of the ranking list (his alias is KAI), and that he is a top gamer in all the games of Japan. When the gang were playing a car game competition (Wild Racing) Mokuba appeared in a limousine and threw a bomb to stop the game. Then, Mokuba and Seto used the game to inform Yugi about his Grandpa being kidnapped by them and his invitation to Kaibaland to participate in the Death-T.
 Mokuba was beside Seto watching Yugi and co fighting in the first three stages. Later, he talked with his brother about a bet they made before the Death-T plan was finished, about in which stage they will defeat Yugi. Mokuba bet Death-T4 where he will fight Yugi, but Seto bet Death-T5 and Mokuba was angry because Seto didn't believe in his own brother. Seto tells him that in the world of games, there's no such things as "brothership" and until he don't understand that he can't defeat Yugi. Mokuba went to the stage sure to defeat Yugi and demonstrate Seto he was wrong.
 Mokuba challenged Yugi to a Capsule Monster Chess duel inside a battle box. He tricked Yugi by playing with higher level monsters than the ones played by Yugi. Although Mokuba had a great advantage, he lost against Yugi's strategy. Then, Seto decided to punish him with a virtual Penalty Game. However, Yugi saved Mokuba by taking him out of the battle box. When Mokuba asked Yugi why he save him; Yugi's answer is that he holds his rival's hand the same as his friends hold his own hands, that's why he won the game.
 Yugi's attitude reminded Mokuba of his past life with his brother and how kind he used to be, hoping that Yugi will be able to help him. After Yugi defeated Seto, he used the Mind Crush to pierce his evil heart, Mokuba stayed with him and decided to wait until he came back.
 
 v e 
 Mokuba Kaiba  pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Millennium Duels 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei)   characters Domino High School  students 
 Yugi Muto 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Anzu Mazaki 
 Hiroto Honda 
 Miho Nosaka 
 Ushio 
 Kujirada 
 Haiyama 
 Mayumi 
 Kokurano 
 Kokurano groupies 
 Imori 
 Student Council Chairman 
 Kaoruko Himekoji 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Dark Bakura 
 Schoolboys 
 Schoolgirls 
 Domino High School staff 
 Homeroom teacher 
 School nurse 
 Ms. Chono 
 Vice-principal 
 Mr. Karita 
 Domino City 
 Sugoroku Mutou 
 Tetsuo Sasaki 
 Jiro the Jorogumo 
 Chief inspector 
 Boss-like man 
 Professor-like man 
 Housewife 
 Old Man Dentures 
 Shotaro Akaboshi 
 Curator Kanekura 
 Professor Yoshimori 
 Honda's mother 
 Jonouchi's father 
 Hirutani 
 Hirutani henchmen 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 Warashibe 
 Continuous Bomber 
 Kageyama sisters 
 Risa 
 B 
 C 
 Dragon 
 Shougo Aoyama 
 Kaiba Corporation 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Kaiba's bodyguards 
 Ridley Sheldon 
 Ryuichi Fuwa 
 Aileen Rao 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Daimon 
 Gozaburo Kaiba 
 Red 
 Black 
 Blue 
 Saruwatari 
 Digital Pets 
 Joe 
 Super Strawberry 
 U2 
 Sumomo-chan 
 Devil Master 
 Haiyama's pet 
 Monster World 
 Zorc 
 Pokii 
 Pao 
 Monster 
 Other 
 TV announcer 
 Sugoroku's friend 
 Shadi 
 Foreigner 
 Ammit 
 Kekeru Goyu 
 Shizuka Jonouchi 
 Miyuki Sakurai 
 Hirata 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/DarkMokuba.png/revision/latest?cb=20070124151431']
Categories: Characters, Mokuba Kaiba pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! (Toei anime) characters