Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Battle_City_(part_2)

Promised Duel 
 Okay, there is several things I'd like to point out about the duel. It talks about the  ante  rule, though it may not apply to the duel because it is not part of the  Battle City  tournament. I don't recall them saying "Our Battle City is not over yet," but that in no way implies that the tournament rules were used for that duel. Second of all,  Lightning Blade  is  not  Joey 's strongest card and  Yami Yugi  could easily have another copy of the card. Also,  Yami Yugi  could've just given Joey his Red Eyes Black Dragon regardless if he one or not, since it was Joey's to begin with and  Yugi  promised to return it. Most importantly, if  Joey  had won the duel he would then be considered the " King of Games ." And lastly, to conclude, it is all speculation and though it is interesting, it is speculation just the same. (And I do believe speculation should not be included in articles?) The duel was meant to be kept inconclusive for a reason. And thus, I rest my case and conclude this really long paragraph that I hope someone will respond to so I didn't type it all out for nothing. -- Qim1  00:16, May 19, 2010 (UTC)
Edit: sorry about signing in the article. It was accidental.
 
 Gotta agree here. First: Since when is Lightning Blade a rarer card than Jinzo? It was outdated when it came out by Axe of Despair, and rendered obsolete until the end of time by United We Stand, in the same set. IF the series is anything like real life, you could probably find Lightning Blade in your socks. Second: Yu-Gi-Oh! R is non-canon. My fanfiction counts as much as it does. Third: Red-Eyes appears again in the Millenium World arc. You could argue that it was part of his "Deck of the Soul" and therefore doesn't count, but why would he create his Deck with a card that he said he should earn if he didn't earn it? Fourth: Joey's entire arc in Battle City is to surpass Yugi and become worthy of holding Red-Eyes. Takahashi himself has claimed that Joey's a stronger character. Joey beats Marik, despite not being magically-empowered or holding two gods. Every single step of his development in the manga from his loss to Seeker onward is built to say "He won." If you claim that Yugi won, you render Joey's character moot so that Yugi can have a spotless record. 
 
 
 
Categories: