Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/List_of_modified_card_artworks

This is a list of all  TCG  and Korean  OCG  cards that had their artwork modified from the original Japanese  OCG / anime  artwork, often for purposes of censorship. This list also contains Japanese  OCG  cards with retroactive edits.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Religious symbols and references 
 2   Violence, gore, blood etc. 
 3   Guns and weapons 
 4   Sexual content, nudity etc. 
 5   Redrawn or alternate art 
 6   Translated, altered or removed text 
 7   Other 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Religious symbols and references 
 " A Deal with Dark Ruler " - Demonic horns of "Dark Ruler Ha Des" are replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Absorbing Kid from the Sky " - Halo removed and zoomed in slightly. 
 " Amazoness Spellcaster " - Pentagram symbol on one of the "spells" changed to a different design. 
 " Angel O7 " - Halo removed 
 " Asleep at the Switch " - Cross necklace is removed. 
 " Backup Soldier " - Horns on soldier of the right are removed. 
 " Bark of Dark Ruler " - Demonic horns of "Dark Ruler Ha Des" are replaced with blue orbs. Also, some blurs are removed. 
 " Beckoning Light " - Halos of "Petit Angel" and "Shining Friendship" removed. 
 " Berry Magician Girl " - Star on outfit replaced with jewel. 
 " BIG Win!? " - " Exodia " pieces altered to show their International artworks as their Japanese artworks featured parts of a Pentagram. 
 " Black Magic Ritual  - Hexagram replaced with stylized symbol. 
 " Bond Between Teacher and Student " - Hexagram on outfit of " Dark Magician Girl " changed to a jewel. 
 " Book of Life "/" Book of Moon "/" Book of Taiyou " - Ankh replaced with a bird. [Notes 1] 
 " Buten " - Halo removed. 
 " Call of the Earthbound " - Crucifix Gravestones changed to rounded ones. 
 " Call of the Haunted " - Crucifix Gravestones changed to rounded ones. [Notes 2] 
 " Card of Last Will " - Crucifix Gravestone changed to a rounded one. 
 " Celestia, Lightsworn Angel " - Halo removed. 
 " Chaos Scepter Blast " - Pentagram on head of "Magician of Black Chaos" removed. 
 " Chorus of Sanctuary " - The halo on the angel and the cross from the gate are removed. 
 " Contract with Exodia " - The ankhs are removed from the five stones that are below Exodia. [Notes 1] 
 " Counterforce " - Halo on the angelic figure removed and the purple "star" in-between the deities removed. 
 " Crimson Knight Vampire Bram " - The horizontal lines on each of the red cross-like designs on this monster's body are removed to avoid referencing religious crosses. 
 " Curse of the Circle " - Pentagram replaced by different symbol. 
 " D.3.S. Frog " - The halos of the three "Treeborn Frogs" are removed. 
 " Damage Gate " - Crucifix Gravestone changed to Rounded one. 
 " Dark Balter the Terrible " - Removed demonic horns, tail and wings. 
 " Dark Magic Curtain " - Inverted pentagram removed. 
 " Dark Magician Girl " - Hexagram is replaced by a red ruby. 
 " Dark Magician of Chaos " - Pentagram in headpiece is removed. 
 " Dark Ruler Ha Des " - Demonic horns replaced with blue orbs. [Notes 2] 
 " Dark Witch " - Horns recolored and made slightly less pointed. 
 " Darklord Marie " - Crucifix on hand and horns removed. 
 " Dedication through Light and Darkness " - Pentagram in headpiece of "Dark Magician of Chaos" is removed. 
 " Demotion " - Demonic horns of "Dark Ruler Ha Des" are replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Destiny Board " -  Ouija Board  removed. 
 " Destruct Potion " - Horns of " Revived King Ha Des " are replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Doomsday Horror " - Horns removed and replaced with hair. 
 " Double Snare " - Horns on falling monster are removed. 
 " Double Spell " - Hexagram removed. 
 " Dragged Down into the Grave  - Crucifix gravestones replaced with rounded ones. 
 " Earth Chant " - Pentagram removed. 
 " Enervating Mist " - Halo on Angel from "Graceful Charity" removed. 
 " Eradicating Aerosol " - Word GOD on hand removed. 
 " Exchange " - Retroactive edit for second reprint in  OCG  for  DL2  onward. "Exodia the Forbidden One", "Left Arm of the Forbidden One", and "Right Leg of the Forbidden One" are changed to show their OCG artwork. 
 " Exile of the Wicked " - Crucifix and Bible replaced with potion bottles. 
 " Exodia Necross " - Ankh modified. 
 " Exodia the Forbidden One " - Pentagram replaced with " Spellbinding Circle ". Star point on the chest of Exodia is also removed. 
 " Fake Feather " - " Graverobber " card held by " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind " is altered to show its international artwork. 
 " Fake Trap " - Horn of " Goblin Calligrapher " is removed and its ears are edited to not be pointed. 
 " Fiend's Hand Mirror " - Demonic horns and tail of imp are removed. Imp is also recolored. Red eyes from the skull are also removed. 
 " Foolish Burial " - Crucifix Gravestone changed to Rounded one. 
 " Froggy Forcefield " - Halo of " Treeborn Frog " removed. 
 " Fruits of Kozaky's Studies " - Horns of "Kozaky" removed. 
 " Gemini Imps " - Horns and wings of imps removed. 
 " Ghost of a Grudge " - Crucifix gravestones replaced. 
 " Ghostrick Mansion  - Snowflake on "Ghostrick Yuki-onna" redrawn to look less like a hexagram. 
 " Ghostrick Night  - Snowflake on "Ghostrick Yuki-onna" redrawn to look less like a hexagram. 
 " Ghostrick Yuki-onna  - Snowflake redrawn to look less like a hexagram. 
 " Giant Kozaky " - Horns of both "Kozaky" and "Giant Kozaky" removed. 
 " Graceful Charity " - Halo of angel removed. 
 " Graceful Tear " - Halo of angel removed. 
 " Grand Convergence " - Cross removed. 
 " Gravekeeper's Servant " - Crucifix Gravestones edited in  Dark Legends . 
 " Graverobber " - Cross on tombstone removed. Crucifix Gravestones changed to Rounded ones. 
 " Guardian Angel Joan " - Halo removed. 
 " Hysteric Fairy " - Halo removed. 
 " Infernity Break " - Crucifix Gravestone replaced with two Rounded ones. 
 " Inferno Reckless Summon " - Crucifix Gravestones replaced. 
 " Iron Core Specimen Lab " - Horns of "Kozaky" removed. 
 " Kozaky " - Horns Removed. 
 " Kozaky's Self-Destruct Button " - Horns of "Kozaky" removed 
 " LaMoon " - Horns recolored and shortened. 
 " Left Arm of the Forbidden One " - Pentagram replaced with " Spellbinding Circle ". 
 " Left Leg of the Forbidden One " - Pentagram replaced with " Spellbinding Circle ". 
 " Lesser Fiend " - Demonic looking wings, horns, and tail removed. 
 " Level Conversion Lab " - Horns of "Kozaky" removed. 
 " Life Absorbing Machine " - Demon in artwork recolored to look a human. Demon's horns are also removed. 
 " Lightwave Tuning " - Halo of " Shining Friendship " is removed. 
 " Machine Angel Absolute Ritual " - Halo of "Cyber Petit Angel" removed. 
 " Magic Jammer " - Hexagram replaced with stylized symbol. 
 " Magician's Circle " - Hexagram replaced with " Spellbinding Circle ". 
 " Magician Navigation " - Star on outfit of "Dark Magician Girl" replaced with a red jewel. 
 " Magicians Unite " - Hexagram replaced with " Spellbinding Circle ". 
 " Magicians' Defense " - Star on outfit of "Dark Magician Girl" replaced with a red jewel. 
 " Magnet Reverse " - Crosses on tombstones removed. 
 " Magnificent Machine Angel " - Halo of "Cyber Petit Angel" was erased. 
 " Memory Crusher " - Horns removed. 
 " Mind Drain " - Horns of " Revived King Ha Des " replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Mistaken Arrest " - Halo on Angel from "Graceful Charity" removed. 
 " Mispolymerization " - The horns and tail of "Dark Balter the Terrible" are removed. 
 " Monster Reborn " - Ankh changed to a stylized crystal. 
 " Muko " - Pentagram redrawn to look like a ten-pointed star. 
 " Mystical Donator " - Cross removed. 
 " Next to be Lost " - Halos of "Petit Angels" are removed. 
 " Noble Knight Joan " - Cross as well as head and figure of angel on helmet is removed. 
 " Number 13: Embodiment of Crime " - Cross's lower arm shortened. 
 " Number 31: Embodiment of Punishment " - Cross's lower arm shortened. 
 " Order to Smash " - Demonic horns of "Dark Ruler Ha Des" are replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Owner's Seal " - Hexagram replaced with " Spellbinding Circle ". 
 " People Running About " - Caught woman's cloak removed to remove any references to nuns. 
 " Petit Angel " - Halo removed in  Legendary Collection  of  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  set onward. [Notes 1] 
 " Polymerization " - Hexagram in alternate artwork replaced with a symbol resembling "Spellbinding Circle". 
 " Premature Burial " - Cross replaced with the ring from the artwork of " Dark Magician ". 
 " Protective Soul Ailin  - Halo removed. 
 " Ray of Hope " - Halos of " Petit Angel " and " Shining Friendship " are removed 
 " Reanimation Wave " - Horns of " Revived King Ha Des " are replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Reject Reborn " - Horns of "Revived King Ha Des" are replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Release Restraint Wave " - " Spellbinding Circle " card is redrawn to show its international artwork. 
 " Revived King Ha Des " - Demonic horns replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Right Arm of the Forbidden One " - Pentagram replaced with " Spellbinding Circle " 
 " Right Leg of the Forbidden One " - Pentagram replaced with " Spellbinding Circle " 
 " Sage's Stone " - Hexagram replaced with circle with runes. 
 " Scrap-Iron Scarecrow " - Extra leg added to scarecrow to avoid resemblance to a cross. 
 " Sectarian of Secrets " - Hexagram on head is removed. 
 " Shadow Vampire " - Horizontal lines on each of the red cross-like designs on this monster's body removed to avoid referencing religious crosses. 
 " Shared Ride " - Halo on Angel from "Graceful Charity" is removed. 
 " Shining Angel " - Halo removed 
 " Shining Friendship " - Halo removed. 
 " Skelengel " - Halo replaced with a crown. 
 " Skill Drain " - Horns of "Dark Ruler Ha Des" are replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Skill Prisoner " - Horns of "Revived King Ha Des" replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Solemn Judgment " - Halos from the girls removed. 
 " Sorcerer of the Doomed " - Red eyes removed. 
 " Sorcerous Spell Wall " - Hexagram replaced with circles with various symbols. 
 " Soul Absorption " - Horns of creature absorbing souls are removed. 
 " Soul Drain " - Horns of "Revived King Ha Des" are replaced with blue orbs. 
 " Soul of Purity and Light " - Halo removed 
 " Spear Cretin " - Horn removed and ears modified to be less demonic 
 " Spell Reproduction " - Hexagram replaced with different symbol. 
 " Spellbinding Circle " - Hexagram replaced with different symbol. 
 " Spirit Message "A" :  Ouija Board  removed 
 " Spirit Message "I" :  Ouija Board  removed 
 " Spirit Message "N" :  Ouija Board  removed 
 " Spirit Message "L" :  Ouija Board  removed 
 " Spirit of Flames " - Horns remodeled. 
 " Sprite's Blessing " - Halo of "Petit Angel" removed. 
 " Success Probability 0% " - Horns of "Kozaky" are removed. 
 " The Cheerful Coffin " - Crucifix replaced 
 " The Emperor's Holiday  - Cross necklace is removed. 
 " The Grave of Enkindling " - Crucifix gravestones removed 
 " The Puppet Magic of Dark Ruler " - Demonic horns of "Dark Ruler Ha Des" are replaced with blue orbs. Also the purple creature's horns and tails are removed. 
 " Toon Dark Magician Girl " - Hexagram is replaced by a red ruby. 
 " Toon Table of Contents " - The words "Demon", "God" and "666" are replaced with "Giant", "Rat" and "721" respectively to remove any religious connotations (the word "Goddess" is not modified though). 
 " Trading Places " - Horns of "Dark Ruler Ha Des" replaced with blue orbs and horns and tail of "Winged Minion" removed. 
 " Treeborn Frog " - Halo removed. 
 " Tremendous Fire " - Flames within the background changed as some of the flames looked like demonic wings belonging to the sprites. 
 " Tyrant's Tantrum " - Cross necklace is removed. 
 " Tyrant's Temper " - Cross necklace is removed. 
 " Tyrant's Throes " - Cross necklace is removed. 
 " Tyrant's Tirade " - Cross necklace is removed. 
 " Vanquishing Light " - Halo above " Celestia, Lightsworn Angel " is removed 
 " Winged Minion " - Horns and tail removed. 
 " Wingweaver " - Halo removed 
 " Woodborg Inpachi " - Horns of "Kozaky" are removed 
 " Worm Prince " - " Worm Apocalypses " in the background are removed because it was like a cult ritual group. 
 " Vanquishing Light " - Retroactive edit; Halo added to " Celestia, Lightsworn Angel " in OCG. 
 " Vampire Vamp  - The crosses on her boots and chest are changed to plus-signs. 
 " Water Magician " - Ankh removed. 
 Violence, gore, blood etc. 
 " Abyss-sphere " - Hand of "Mermail Abysslinde" is redrawn so that it is not around her neck. Her facial expression is also changed to look less agonized. Oxygen bubbles coming out of her mouth are removed to get rid of references to her drowning. 
 " Aquamirror Cycle " - The facial expression of " Gishki Emilia " is altered to make the artwork look like she is not in pain. 
 " Armed Samurai - Ben Kei " - Arrows stuck on the body of "Ben Kei" are removed. 
 " Arrivalrivals " - Hand of " Alchemic Magician " and face of " Slacker Magician " moved and altered to make it look like "Alchemic Magician" is grabbing and holding "Slacker Magician" by the wrist instead of the cheek. 
 " Attention! " - " Goblin Calligrapher " was  within  the explosion; it was redrawn above the explosion to make it look less violent. 
 " Axe of Despair " - Skull-like face on the axe removed 
 " Bad Aim " - Blades sticking out of bottom of " Igknight Templar " and chest of " Igknight Paladin " are removed. 
 " Battle-Scarred " - Blood coming out of the head of " Marauding Captain " is replaced with green liquid 
 " Brain Jacker " - Stitches going across the head and neck of "Brain Jacker" are removed. 
 " Butterflyoke " - Hand in pond removed to remove any references to drowning. 
 " Constellar Meteor " - Flame toned down and lower parts of "Gishki Psychelone" made visible in English reprint to remove implication of "Gishki Psychelone" being cut in half by attack. [Notes 1] 
 " Corroding Shark " - Blood around the body of "Corroding Shark" is removed or recolored purple. Internal organs inside rib cage also removed. 
 " Counterforce " - Eyes on the angelic figure are altered to remove the implication that the angelic figure was killed. 
 " Creeping Darkness " - Sleeves rips on the shirt of " Gishki Noelia " are removed to make the card look less violent. 
 " D/D/D Marksman King Tell " - Arrows stuck in this monster's thorax were removed. 
 " Dark Ruler Ha Des " - Blood colored liquid recolored green. 
 " Darksea Float " - Skin of the corpse of the dead man hanging on float ring is repainted to flesh tone, probably because the image of a dead man at sea was too graphic. 
 " Darksea Rescue " - Skin of the corpse of the dead men on raft is repainted to flesh tone, presumably for the same reasons as "Darksea Float". 
 " Designer Frightfur " - The various saws present across the body of "Frightfur Leo" are recolored and obscured to remove references to torture. 
 " Destiny Board " - Letter D replaced with letter F so that the message spells out F-I-N-A-L, instead of D-E-A-T-H. 
 " Destruct Potion " - Blue mist coming out of the mouth of " Dark King of the Abyss " is removed (possibly because it made the artwork look like " Revived King Ha Des " is draining out the life force of "Dark King", not just his power) 
 " Dramatic Rescue " - Girl being rescued is tied to a tree instead of having a hand in guillotine. 
 " Earthquake " - Goblins' shadows recolored black because they looked too much like blood. 
 " Ferret Flames " - Eye of " Terrene Toothed Tsuchinoko " is altered to remove the implication that it was killed. 
 " Fiend Comedian " - Art replaced with less horrific one 
 " Final Flame " - Art replaced with less evidences of torture 
 " Frightfur Bear " - Scissor blades jutting out of this monster's abdominal area are surrounded by a white glow to remove any references to torture. 
 " Frightfur Factory " - Blades jutting out of "Frightfur Bear" and "Frightfur Wolf" are surrounded by a white glow to remove references to torture. Fire is recolored purple to make it less realistic. 
 " Frightfur Leo " - The various saws present across this monster's body are recolored and obscured to remove references to torture. 
 " Frightfur March " The various blades jutting out of or are present on "Frightfur Bear", "Frightfur Leo", "Frightfur Sabre-Tooth", "Frightfur Tiger", and "Frightfur Wolf" are recolored and obscured to remove references to torture. 
 " Frightfur Sabre-Tooth " - The various knife blades present across this monster's body are recolored and obscured to remove references to torture. 
 " Frightfur Tiger " - The scissor blades jutting out of this monster's stomach and the scissor blade that is part of this monster's leg as well as the blade stabbed into this monster's upper body are surrounded by a white glow to remove any references to torture. 
 " Frightfur Wolf " - Scissor blades jutting out of this monster's stomach are surrounded by a white glow to remove any references to torture. 
 " Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll " - Coffin replaced with a present box, also blood on head and clothes is removed. 
 " Heat Wave " - Chased dinosaur's head and tail are covered in flesh to make the artwork less graphic. 
 " Junk Puppet " - Blood on head and clothes of "Gimmick Puppet Dreary Doll" is removed and her coffin is replaced with a present box. 
 " Last Counter " - Blood coming out of the boxers' mouths is removed. 
 " Last Day of Witch " - Art changed from a scene representing the Salem witch hunts to a comical looking witch with a red crossed-out sign. 
 " Maji-Gire Panda " - Cowering mother and baby panda removed to get rid of references to domestic violence. Panda head on top of closet also removed because it looks like an animal trophy head. 
 " Mist Valley Shaman " - Head cloth on "Mist Valley Shaman" removed. Her facial expression is also changed to make the artwork look like she is meditating instead of being possessed. 
 " Motivating Captain " - Broken arrows on the downed warriors removed so that they don't look badly injured. 
 " Nightmare Wheel " - Man chained to wheel is replaced with goblin to remove any reference to human torture. 
 " Nomadic Force " - Men in back are given irises and pupils to make them look less like zombies. 
 " Oh Tokenbaum!  - Sheep eaten by goblins are replaced with Fabergé eggs. 
 " Overworked " - Fire recolored purple to look less realistic. The skull of " Kozaky " is obscured to make it less noticeable and to make the card look less violent. 
 " Parasite Paracide " - Artwork showing an insect coming out of a knight's face is replaced with artwork showing just the insect to make the card less graphic. 
 " Poison Fangs " - Blood colored hue on teeth recolored green and jaw bones tinted beige. 
 " Power Break " - " Axe of Despair " is modified to show its international artwork. 
 " Remote Revenge " - A four-winged dragon and explosion removed to make the artwork less violent. Also zoom-in of the hand holding remote. 
 " Rigorous Reaver " - Blood on scythe is removed. 
 " Share the Pain " - Blood gushing out of the warriors' wounds (shown in negative color) has been removed. 
 " Sorcerer of the Doomed " - Bloody tears removed from any faces that had it. 
 " Soul of the Pure " - The bloody angel cutting itself with a knife is replaced with a Fairy holding a water droplet. 
 " Spirit Message "A" : Letter T is replaced with A so that the message spells out F-I-N-A-L, instead of D-E-A-T-H. Name changed from Death Message "T" to Spirit Message "A" to match. 
 " Spirit Message "I" : Letter E is replaced with I so that the message spells out F-I-N-A-L, instead of D-E-A-T-H. Name changed from Death Message "E" to Spirit Message "I" to match. 
 " Spirit Message "N" : Letter A is replaced with N so that the message spells out F-I-N-A-L, instead of D-E-A-T-H. Name changed from Death Message "A" to Spirit Message "N" to match. 
 " Spirit Message "L" : Letter H is replaced with L so that the message spells out F-I-N-A-L, instead of D-E-A-T-H. Name changed from Death Message "H" to Spirit Message "L" to match. 
 " Stim-Pack " - Blood colored liquid replaced with green liquid. 
 " Stygian Dirge " - Smoke coming out of woman's mouth is removed to remove the implication that the smoke being in the artwork is removing the woman's life force. 
 " Super Rejuvenation " - Blood on the leg of "Cave Dragon" is recolored blue. 
 " Taunt " - Art changed from two human bullies to two aliens to remove any references to gangsters; one of them appears in the artwork of " Back to Square One ". 
 " Token Sundae " - Sheep held/eaten by goblins are replaced with Fabergé eggs. 
 " Tomozaurus " - Blood gushing out of bitten dinosaur's body is removed. 
 " Tragedy " - Art changed from a  guillotine  to a girl avoiding a shady man. 
 " Trial and Tribulation " - Retroactive edit in OCG; the mournful face of Noelia shows more anguish. 
 " Trial of Nightmare " - Blood removed and glow is added to eyes, also after a short printing error, name was changed from "Trial of Hell". 
 " Trickstar Crimson Heart " - Red spatters in the background removed due to similarity to blood 
 " Ultimate Offering " - Art changed from what looks like a blood offering to a monster coming out and being created from another monster. 
 " Vampire Grace " - Red liquid in glass goblet recolored to avoid referencing blood or even wine. 
 " Wattcancel " - Art changed from an electrified "Ojama Yellow" to a big "X" with a lightning bolt going into it in order to make the card look less violent, removing any reference of electrocution. 
 " Yaiba Robo " - Red Kanji-like symbol on monster changed to black due to its strong reference to blood. 
 " Zombino " - Axe on head is removed. 
 Guns and weapons 
 " A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon " - Guns edited to look less realistic 
 " Ancient Gear Cannon " - Guns edited to look less realistic. 
 " Ancient Gear Castle " - Cannon on the top of the castle is edited to look less realistic. 
 " Ancient Gear Soldier " - Barrel of the gun is altered to make it look less realistic. 
 " Armored Cybern " - White rings added and turret fronts recolored white, as otherwise its cannons appear too realistic, even with the electrical abstrusions. 
 " Arsenal Robber " - A gun in the back room and a line of bullets on the floor are removed. 
 " Barrage Blast " - Barrel of "Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max" recolored green. 
 " Barrel Behind the Door " - Gun is edited to look less realistic. 
 " Barrel Dragon " - Realistic looking guns replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. 
 " Blackwing Armed Wing " - Gun is edited to look more like a toy. 
 " Blast Juggler " - Reprint of artwork removed fuse on head and on the bombs. Bombs are also recolored to look less realistic. [Notes 1] 
 " Blowback Dragon " - Head reconfigured to look less realistic. 
 " Boot Sector Launch " - Giant revolver magazine recolored red and the semicircular indentations on the revolver's rim are changed to rectangular ones. 
 " Borrel Regenerator " - Giant revolver magazine recolored red and the semicircular indentations on the revolver's rim are changed to rectangular ones. 
 " Borrelguard Dragon " - Groove on monster's chest is erased and the gun muzzle protuding from its mouth is recolored golden. 
 " Chicken Game " - Guns of " Overdrive " and " Oni Tank T-34 " are edited to look more like lasers. 
 " Cloak and Dagger " - Sniper scope changed to look like a telescope. 
 " Crashbug X " - Lit fuses removed from head due to the strong reference to a bomb. 
 " Crashbug Y " - Lit fuses removed from head due to the strong reference to a bomb. 
 " Crashbug Z " - Lit fuses removed from head due to the strong reference to a bomb. 
 " Cyber Saurus " - The Monster's weapon was recolored to look less realistic. [Notes 1] 
 " Desperado Barrel Dragon " - Barrels and cylinders recolored yellow and green and muzzle and chambers filled out to make it look less like a realistic revolver. 
 " Dillingerous Dragon " - Holes and indentations in the monster's torso are filled out, erasing its visual similarity to a revolver magazine. 
 " Don Zaloog " - Guns replaced with swords (Note: the bullet belts are not removed. In the anime, he still uses guns). 
 " Doppelwarrior " - Realistic-looking submachine gun is edited to look less realistic. 
 " Dragoons of Draconia " - Retroactive edit; the gun was changed to be more realistic in the OCG. 
 " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " - Gun on the left arm of "Rampart Blaster" is altered to look less realistic. 
 " Enishi, Shien's Chancellor " - Weapon removed from statue in background of artwork. 
 " Fortress Whale " - Turret gun emplacements recolored to appear less realistic. (Ironically, this was left unaltered on " Fortress Whale's Oath ") 
 " Edge Imp Sabres " - Blades of monster are obscured. The toric holes of some of scissor handles are also changed to look like sabers. 
 " Edge Imp Saw " - Hacksaw blades surrounding this monster are obscured with a glow. 
 " Edge Imp Tomahawk " - Teeth blades and ear blades of this monster are obscured with a glow. 
 " Flash Charge Dragon " - Spinal guns recolored green. 
 " Frightfur Bear " - The toric holes of the scissor handles as well as the toric holes of another pair of scissor handles on the right arm of "Frightfur Bear" are filled in to make them appear more like sabers. 
 " Frightfur Factory " - The toric holes of the scissor handles of the scissors on "Frightfur Bear" and "Frightfur Wolf" are filled in to make them appear more like sabers. Also, the blades of "Edge Imp Sabres" are obscured. 
 " Frightfur Leo " - The various saws present across this monster's body are obscured with a glow. 
 " Frightfur March " The various blades jutting out of or are present on "Frightfur Bear", "Frightfur Leo", "Frightfur Sabre-Tooth", "Frightfur Tiger", and "Frightfur Wolf" are obscured with a glow. The toric holes of the various scissor handles across the bodies of "Frightfur Bear", "Frightfur Tiger", and "Frightfur Wolf" are filled in to make them appear more like sabers. 
 " Frightfur Reborn " - The toric holes of the scissor handles in "Frightfur Bear" are filled in to make them look like sabers 
 " Frightfur Sabre-Tooth " - The various knife blades present across this monster's body are obscured with a glow. 
 " Frightfur Sanctuary  - Two Scissors in the artwork had their blades obscured with a green glow. 
 " Frightfur Tiger " - The toric holes of the various scissor handles across this monster's body are filled in to make them appear more like sabers. 
 " Frightfur Wolf " - The toric holes of the various scissor handles across this monster's body are filled in to make them appear more like sabers. 
 " Full Salvo " - Missiles are given limbs & cartoon faces so as not to resemble actual artillery. 
 " Fusilier Dragon, the Dual-Mode Beast " - Cannons redrawn to look like lasers. 
 " Gatling Dragon " - Guns redrawn to look less realistic. 
 " Genex Army " - Missile launcher recolored to look less realistic. 
 " Goblin Marauding Squad " - Cleaver replaced with sword. 
 " Guardian of the Throne Room " - The missiles have been recolored to be less realistic. [Notes 1] 
 " Igknight Reload " - Bullet shell removed 
 " Igknight Squire " - The cylinder and trigger on the weapon is redesigned. the index finger of "Igknight Squire" is repositioned to match this change. 
 " Infernity Avenger " - Guns redrawn to resemble laser pistols. 
 " Infernity Launcher " - The gun of "Infernity Avenger" is redrawn to resemble a laser pistol. 
 " Infernity Randomizer " - Double Revolver gun body redrawn to look like a generator; in the anime, it still has the original body. 
 " Into the Void " - "Infernity Avenger" is shown with its international artwork. 
 " Junk Box " - The flame cannon of " Morphtronic Datatron " is removed. 
 " Karakuri Klock " - Bomb on device recolored purple and fuse removed. 
 " Kozmo Farmgirl " - Retroactive edit in OCG; gun is edited to be more realistic. 
 " Linkbelt Wall Dragon " - Gun at the end of tail is recolored red. 
 " Loop of Destruction " - Retroactive edit in OCG; jets of fire replaced with grenades. 
 " Machina Defender " - Gun edited to look like lasers. 
 " Machina Force " - Gun edited to look like lasers. 
 " Machina Sniper " - Gun edited to look like laser. 
 " Magical Musket - Cross-Domination " - Gun in the left hand of " Magical Musketeer Kidbrave " has its cylinder altered. 
 " Magical Musket - Dancing Needle " - Several empty shells removed. 
 " Magical Musket - Last Stand " - Several empty shells were removed and the bullets on the ammunition belt of " Magical Musketeer Wild " was recolored green. 
 " Magical Musketeer Kidbrave " - Cylinder of gun redesigned. 
 " Magical Musketeer Wild " - Bullets on ammunition belt recolored green. 
 " Masked Ninja Ebisu " - Fuses removed from the projectiles thrown by "Ebisu" to avoid reference to explosives. 
 " Meklord Emperor Skiel " - Gun edited to look less realistic. 
 " Miniborrel Dragon " - Bullet chambers and semicircular indentations of revolver cylinder are removed. 
 " Misairuzame " - Realistic looking Missile launcher was recolored to make it less realistic. [Notes 1] 
 " Morphtronic Datatron " - Redrawn to look more like a flash drive than a lighter. This monster's flame cannon was removed, its torso has 2GB written on it, and the metallic part on the side of its head was redrawn. 
 " Pole Position " - Guns of " Overdrive " and " Oni Tank T-34 " are edited to look more like lasers. 
 " Proton Blast " - Realistic looking guns of "Barrel Dragon" replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. Deflagrations erupting from its barrels were recolored blue and given a more "light-like" pattern to resemble plasma discharges. 
 " Quickdraw Synchron " - Gun edited to look like a toy. 
 " Ring of Destruction " - Grenades in original artwork are replaced with jets of fire. 
 " Robotic Knight " - Gatling gun on its left arm recolored blue to look less realistic. 
 " Roulette Barrel " - Redrawn to look less like a gun. 
 " Science Soldier " - Gun redrawn to look less realistic. 
 " Sergeant Electro " - Gatling gun tubes and nozzles recolored blue to look less realistic. 
 " Spark Blaster " - Gun recolored to look less realistic. In the anime, the original artwork is used. 
 " SPYRAL Mission - Assault " - Retroactive edit in OCG; two agent goons have brass knuckles added onto their fists. 
 " Superdreadnought Rail Cannon Gustav Max " - Cannon recolored and lights added inside the barrel to make it look more like a laser cannon. 
 " Synchro Deflector " - Cannons of " XYZ-Dragon Cannon " are edited to be less realistic. 
 " Tactical Espionage Expert  " - Pistol in the right hand of "Tactical Espionage Expert" is changed to a cartoon-like laser. The hallway guard's rifle is also recolored to look less realistic. 
 " The Hunter with 7 Weapons " - Rifle on man's back replaced by metal club. 
 " The Legendary Fisherman " - Harpoon altered to look like a ritual drumstick. 
 " Toon Barrel Dragon " - Gun barrels changed to mystic cylinders with runes printed on them. 
 " Trap Reactor・Y FI " - Guns recolored to red to look less realistic. 
 " Turret Warrior " - Guns recolored to red to look less realistic. 
 " Twin-Barrel Dragon " - Realistic guns altered to look like lasers. 
 " Union Scramble " - Realistic looking guns of "X-Head Cannon" replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. 
 " Vorticular Drumgon " - Cylindrical bullet cartridge on top of this monster's head is recolored orange, and the bullets in the back of this monster's neck are recolored purple. 
 " VWXYZ-Dragon Catapult Cannon " - Realistic looking guns replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. 
 " X-Head Cannon " - Realistic looking guns replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. 
 " X-Saber Wayne " - Gun edited to make it less realistic. 
 " XY-Dragon Cannon " - Realistic looking guns replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. 
 " XYZ-Dragon Cannon " - Realistic looking guns replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. 
 " XZ-Tank Cannon " - Realistic looking guns replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. 
 " YZ-Tank Dragon " - Realistic looking guns replaced with cartoon-esque laser guns. 
 " Zoodiac Barrage " - Bazooka gun of "Zoodiac Bunnyblast" recolored to look less realistic. 
 " Zoodiac Bunnyblast " - Bazooka gun recolored lavender to look less realistic. 
 Sexual content, nudity etc. 
 " Alich, Malebranche of the Burning Abyss " - Retroactive edit; lower chest armor piece and the various stripes around the upper chest area of Alich are removed in the OCG. 
 " Absolute End " - " Gagagigo " gets new shorts. 
 " Abyss Actor - Mellow Madonna " - Monster's skirt vent pulled down. 
 " Abyss Actors' Curtain Call " - Skirt vent of " Abyss Actor - Mellow Madonna " pulled down. 
 " Abyss-scorn " - Stomach of " Mermail Abyssdine " covered. 
 " Abyss-sphere " - Lower belly of "Mermail Abysslinde" covered. 
 " Abyss-squall " - Female "Mermails" given more clothing to keep consistency with their own cards. 
 " Allure Queen LV7 " - Skirt lengthened. 
 " Alluring Mirror Split " - "Cyber Harpie Lady", "Harpie Queen", "Harpie Channeler", "Harpie Dancer", and "Harpie Perfumer" have their outfits edited accordingly to their respective international artworks. 
 " Amazon of the Seas " - Outfit edited to be less revealing 
 " Amazoness Onslaught " - Bodysuits added to "Amazoness Scouts". 
 " Amazoness Queen " - Given more clothing. 
 " Amazoness Scouts " - Retroactive edit; their upper arms, shoulders, stomachs, and thighs are exposed in the OCG release 
 " Amazoness Spy " - Clothing and cape extended to cover upper chest area. 
 " Angel of Zera " - Legs recolored to give the impression it's wearing pants. 
 " Apollousa, Bow of the Goddess " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Apple Magician Girl " - Cleavage is covered, bust size is reduced, skirt is lengthened, and garters are removed. 
 " Aqua Spirit " - Covered up cleavage with a frilly shirt. 
 " Aquarian Alessa " - Skirt lengthened. 
 " Archfiend Emperor, the First Lord of Horror " - Red decor sphere on monster's groin removed. 
 " Arcana Force III - The Empress " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Archfiend Heiress " - Skirt lengthened. 
 " Arlownay " - Top added. 
 " Artifact Scythe " - Retroactive edit; Left leg of "Artifact Scythe" moved in OCG, showing its crotch area. 
 " Artorigus, King of the Noble Knights " - Blue energy line removed to avoid references to male genitalia. 
 " Asleep at the Switch " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " Attack Pheromones " - The cleavage of "Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes" is removed and her skin is recolored to be less revealing. 
 " Assault Spirits " - Outfit of " G.B. Hunter " edited to be less revealing. 
 " Avatar of The Pot " - G-string replaced with Kilt. 
 " Bad Aim " - Shard that is stuck in the bottom of "Igknight Templar" removed to avoid sexual connotation. 
 " Batteryman Fuel Cell  - The letters "H" and "O" on monster's knobs were digitally removed to ax a derogatory term for women, given this card's arguably "feminine" appearance. 
 " Beatrice, Lady of the Eternal " - Exposed outline of breasts erased. 
 " Bicular " - The cone-shaped piece on the front of "Bicular" removed to avoid reference to male genitalia. 
 " Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame " - More feathers/fur added around the pelvic area of "Shura the Blue Flame" 
 " Blackwing Armed Wing " - Crotch area edited to remove any resemblance to male genitalia 
 " Blade Skater " - Light-blue strip that ran across her chest was removed as it could be mistaken for revealing clothes. 
 " Blazing Hiita " - Skirt lengthened and cleavage covered. 
 " Bond Between Teacher and Student " - Cleavage of "Dark Magician Girl" erased. 
 " Break Away " - Clothing of elves made less revealing. 
 " Burst Return " - Outfit of "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" altered to be less revealing. 
 " Byroad Sacrifice " - Woman's skirt lengthened 
 " Card of Safe Return " - Man in artwork is given clothes. 
 " Chocolate Magician Girl " - Cleavage and lower half of bust covered, bust size is reduced, and garters are removed. 
 " Cold Enchanter " - The stockings of "Cold Enchanter" were lengthened. [Notes 1] 
 " Constellar Algiedi " - Pelvic area recolored to make it look like Algiedi is wearing armor pants instead of armor stockings 
 " Constellar Meteor " - Pair of eyes on the left breast of " Gishki Psychelone " removed. 
 " Creeping Darkness " - Skirt of " Gishki Noelia " lenghthened 
 " Crowned by the World Chalice " - Skirt lengthened as well the upper hem moved up. Two more pieces of black spandex-like cloth were added between the already existing one (the waist band) and the skirt, to cover up more of her abdomen. 
 " Crusadia Arboria " - Hotpants added and exposed outline of right breast is erased. 
 " Crusadia Revival " - Hotpants added to " Crusadia Arboria " and her right breast is reduced. 
 " Crusadia Testament " - "Crusadia Arboria" is given hotpants and thigh-highs. 
 " Crusadia Vanguard " - Hotpants added to "Crusadia Arboria". 
 " Cure Mermaid " - Covered up cleavage and lines indicating her abs are erased. 
 " Cyber Angel Benten " - Monster's breasts are partially recolored black, slightly reduced in size, and had less pronounced separation. 
 " Cyber Angel Idaten " - More clothing added and bust size reduced. 
 " Cyber Angel Izana " - Monster's crop top and thong are extended to cover up her cleavage and pelvis. 
 " Cyber Blader " - Clothing has been edited so that it looks that she's wearing a spandex suit. 
 " Cyber Gymnast " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Cyber Harpie Lady " - Suggestive spikes on breasts removed. 
 " Cyber Prima " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Cyber Shield " - Spikes removed from breasts. 
 " Cyber Tutu " - Skirt lengthened and made nontransparent, to be less revealing. 
 " D/D Vice Typhon " - Shine on the barely-noticeable breast under the neck spikes is removed so it blends and doesn't look round. 
 " Dark Fusion  - The bust of "Evil HERO Inferno Wing" was reduced. 
 " Dark Magician Girl " - Cleavage covered. Bust size is also reduced. 
 " Dark Witch " - Skirt lengthened and Cleavage reduced. 
 " Darklord Nurse Reficule " - Bust size reduced and given a skirt. 
 " Deep Sea Diva " - Breasts made less noticeable. 
 " Different Dimension Ground " - Left pant leg of " D.D. Warrior Lady " lengthened. 
 " Dinomorphia Kentregina " - Chest reduced. 
 " Doitsu " - Belly line removed and dark shading added to the belly area. 
 " Double Payback " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " Double Snare " - Clothing added to falling monster 
 " Double Trap Hole " - Female goblin doll replaced with plate of meat to remove possible reference to sexual harassment. 
 " Downerd Magician " - Stomach covered. 
 " Dramatic Rescue " - Girl's outfit is altered to be less revealing. 
 " Dunames Dark Witch " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Dverg of the Nordic Alfar " - Chest darkened to make "Dverg" look like its wearing clothing (so that it doesn't appear naked). 
 " Ego Boost " - Lower body of yellow giant is removed. " Lava Battleguard " is also moved to the left as its original position along with the giant's looks similar to a sexual position. 
 " Ehren, Lightsworn Monk " - Left thigh slightly covered by skirt. 
 " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " - Uncovered breast covered. Breasts altered to seem smaller and uncovered leg is covered. 
 " Elemental HERO Poison Rose " - Outfit altered to be less revealing. Bust size is also reduced 
 " Elemental HERO Wild Wingman " - Bare legs given spandex covering. 
 " Elemental Recharge " - Outfit of " Elemental Hero Burstinatrix " edited to make it less revealing. 
 " Elf's Light " - Naked elf was given clothing. 
 " Empress of Prophecy " - Stomach covered. 
 " Enchanting Fitting Room " - " Ojama Green " altered by holding a shirt instead of lingerie. 
 " Enchanting Mermaid " - Bust size reduced and is given more clothing. 
 " Etoile Cyber " - Bust reduced and clothing has been recolored as it could have been mistaken for nudity. 
 " Evil HERO Inferno Wing  - Bust size reduced. 
 " Evilswarm Azzathoth " - Middle creature's mouth is removed in order to keep consistency with the TCG artwork of " Worm King ". 
 " Fairy Archer " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Fairy's Gift " - Full nudity is replaced with a long dress. 
 " Fairy of the Fountain " - Clothes added. 
 " Fairy Wind " - Outfit on the fairy's body covered more so that the fairy's naked body is completely covered. 
 " Fake Hero " - Kid's boxer shorts are removed and pants are moved up. Line indicating kid's buttocks is also removed. 
 " Fake Trap " - Tongue of "Goblin Calligrapher" is also shortened due to possible sexual connotations. 
 " Fallen Angel of Roses " - Dress made larger and bust reduced 
 " Faustian Bargain " - Thumbs edited to make them look less phallic. 
 " Fifth Hope " - Outfit of "Elemental HERO Burstinatrix" altered to be less revealing. 
 " Flying Fortress SKY FIRE " - Missile stack removed to avoid references to the male genitalia. 
 " Fortune Lady Dark " - Clothing made less revealing Cleavage altered to appear smaller. 
 " Fortune Lady Earth " - Clothing made less revealing Cleavage altered to appear smaller. 
 " Fortune Lady Fire " - Clothing made less revealing Cleavage altered to appear smaller. 
 " Fortune Lady Light " - Clothing made less revealing. Cleavage altered to appear smaller. Crotch area is also recolored to be less noticeable. 
 " Fortune Lady Water " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Fortune Lady Wind " - Clothing made less revealing. Cleavage altered to appear smaller. Crotch area was covered, to make it less revealing. 
 " Fortune's Future " - Clothing of "Fortune Lady Fire" made less revealing. 
 " Fossil Excavation " - Butt cleavage of "Doitsu" and "Koitsu" removed and "Soitsu" had its hip line altered. 
 " G.B. Hunter " - Upper thighs covered to make outfit less revealing 
 " Gagagadraw " - "Gagaga Girl" and "Gagaga Clerk" are covered up more (skirt and legs respectively) to keep consistency with their own cards. 
 " Gagagaguard " - Arms and shoulders of " Gagaga Girl " are covered up to match her edited international artwork. 
 " Gagagatag " - The exposed shoulders and the top part of her legs of "Gagaga Girl" are covered. 
 " Gagagawind " - Skirt of "Gagaga Girl" covered more to keep consistency with her own card. 
 " Gagaga Clerk " - Stockings lengthened to appear as tights. 
 " Gagaga Girl " - Clothes made less revealing. 
 " Garvas " - Bottom half covered to remove implication of nudity. 
 " Gearspring Spirit " - Skirt lengthened and leg area covered up to appear as pants. 
 " Gemini Elf " - Clothing of elves made less revealing. 
 " Ghost Fairy Elfobia " - Retroactive edit; her thighs are more exposed in her OCG release. 
 " Ghostrick Socuteboss " - Shorts added underneath the skirt of Socuteboss. 
 " Gimmick Puppet Des Troy " - Thighs of "Des Troy" are recolored to remove the impression that the mannequin bodies are naked. 
 " Gishki Psychelone " - A pair of eyes on this monster's left breast were removed. 
 " Glorious Illusion " - The midriff of "Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner" is covered. 
 " Goblin Circus " - The G-string of "Avatar of The Pot" is replaced with a kilt. 
 " Goddess of Whim " - Dress altered to cover cleavage. 
 " Graceful Revival " - Angels are given clothing 
 " Greenkappa " - Shorts added 
 " Half Counter " - Stomachs of "Amazoness Paladin" and "Amazoness Swords Woman" are covered. 
 " Hate Buster " - Bomb is changed to be held up to the stomach of " Dark King of the Abyss " rather than somewhere around between his legs. 
 " Harpie Channeler " - Stomach, thighs and shoulders covered. Her bust size is reduced as well. 
 " Harpie Conductor " - Exposed torso skin covered with spandex. 
 " Harpie Dancer " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Harpie Girl " - In all international reprints of "Harpie Girl" she is given more clothing, to make it less suggestive. [Notes 1] 
 " Harpie Harpist " - The waist, stomach and chest areas of this monster are given more clothing, and its bust size is reduced. 
 " Harpies' Hunting Ground " - "Harpie Lady 1" in the artwork has her clothing made less revealing. 
 " Harpie Lady " - Clothing made less revealing. [Notes 1] 
 " Harpie Lady 1 " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Harpie Lady 2 " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Harpie Lady 3 " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Harpie Lady Elegance " - Spikes on the breastplates of each "Harpie", as well as the cleavage of "Harpie Lady 1" are erased. 
 " Harpie Lady Sisters " - Removed spikes on breasts. 
 " Harpie Oracle " - Monster's bare upper torso covered with a lavender bodysuit, also an additional feather was added to the edge of her left wing to better conceal her buttocks. 
 " Harpie Perfumer " - Bare upper torso covered with a light-pink bodysuit. 
 " Harpie Queen " - Clothing made less revealing and bare skin is covered with teal cloth. 
 " Harpie's Feather Rest " - "Harpie Harpist", "Harpie Dancer", and "Harpie Channeler" had their outfits edited accordingly to their respective international artworks. 
 " Harpie's Pet Baby Dragon  - " Harpie Girl " is given more clothing. 
 " Harpie's Pet Phantasmal Dragon " - "Harpie Channeler" is given more clothing to cover her bare stomach, thighs and shoulders. Her breast size has also been reduced. 
 " Harpies' Hunting Ground " - Clothing of " Harpie Lady 1 " altered to be less revealing. Her bust size is also reduced. 
 " Helios - The Primordial Sun " - Bust removed. 
 " Helios Duo Megistus " - Bust removed. 
 " Hexe Trude " - Cleavage covered and breastline erased. 
 " High Priestess of Prophecy " - Stomach and thighs are covered and bust is reduced. 
 " Hiita the Fire Charmer, Ablaze " - Sweater slightly closed to hide waist line. Skirt elongated to cover thigh a bit more. 
 " Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi " - Fundoshi covered. 
 " Hippo Carnival " -  Hippo Tokens  are given more clothing. Colorful lights emanating from tokens are also removed. 
 " Homunculus the Alchemic Being " - The right part of the body is recolored from skin-color to orange as it could have been mistaken for nudity. 
 " Hysteric Party " - The clothes of "Harpie Lady 1", "Harpie Lady 2" and "Harpie Lady 3" are all altered to be less revealing. 
 " Hysteric Sign " - "Harpie Channeler" is given more clothing to cover her bare stomach, thighs and shoulders. Her bust has also been reduced. 
 " Ice Beast Zerofyne " - Added more spikes to her skirt to made less revealing, stomach covered by ice. 
 " Ice Queen " - International artwork covers her bare shoulders. 
 " Ice Water " - More clothing added instead of just a bra. 
 " Impenetrable Attack " - Attacked monster's thigh and leg area covered up. Bulge on man's crotch area is also removed. 
 " Incarnated Machine Angel " - "Cyber Angel Benten" and "Idaten" have their outfits edited accordingly to their respective international artworks. 
 " Infernity Doom Dragon " - Crotch area changed to remove possible reference to male genitalia. 
 " Inherited Fortune " - " Fortune Lady Earth ", " Fortune Lady Wind " and " Fortune Lady Light " given more clothing. 
 " Invader of the Throne " - Back covered 
 " Ill Witch " - White vest added to cover cleavage. 
 " Influence Dragon " - Thigh area covered up to make it look like this monster is wearing pants. Center armor piece on the pelvic area of "Influence Dragon" is also removed to prevent any reference to male genitalia. 
 " Isolde, Belle of the Underworld " - Breast outline erased. 
 " Junk Berserker " - The face on the codpiece is moved to his waist to avoid fellatio references. 
 " Kanan the Swordmistress " - Breastplate altered to be less suggestive. 
 " Kozmoll Wickedwitch " - Retroactive edit in OCG; torn up skirt is altered to be more revealing. 
 " Kunoichi " - Longer skirt. 
 " Lady Ninja Yae " - Breasts reduced. 
 " Lady of D. " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " LaMoon " - Skirt extended, breasts covered by top. 
 " Lemon Magician Girl " - Exposed outline of breasts erased. 
 " Life Absorbing Machine " - Shorts added to character in artwork. 
 " Life Stream Dragon " - Crotch area altered. 
 " Link Bound " - Breasts of "Backup Secretary" partially covered. 
 " Ljosalf of the Nordic Alfar " - Chest darkened to make "Ljosalf" look like its wearing clothing (so that it doesn't appear naked). 
 " Lumina, Lightsworn Summoner " - Midriff covered. 
 " Lumina, Twlightsworn Shaman " - Midriff covered. 
 " Lunalight Sabre Dancer " - Monster's side-cleavage was covered with an orange extension of the top, and the left hem of her skirt was pulled down to conceal her upper thigh. 
 " Lunalight Wolf " - Crotch area covered with more fur. 
 " Lunar Queen Elzaim " - Breast size reduced. 
 " Lyrilusc - Bird Call " - Rear covered. 
 " Lyrilusc - Ensemblue Robin " - Chest reduced. 
 " Machine Angel Ritual " - Outfit of woman in artwork is made less revealing. 
 " Macro Cosmos  - Lower part of man is shadowed off to make the artwork look less like he is nude. 
 " Magical Musket - Desperado " - A black cloth was added under the bra of "Magical Musketeer Calamity", and her upper thighs were covered with pantyhose. 
 " Magical Musketeer Calamity " - Black cloth added under bra and thighs were covered with pantyhose. 
 " Magical Musketeer Starfire " - A little more cloth was added to the monster's top to cover her cleavage. 
 " Magician Navigation " - "Dark Magician Girl" is given slightly more clothing to cover up her breasts, and her cleavage is erased. 
 " Magicians' Defense " - Cleavage of "Apple Magician Girl" and "Dark Magician Girl" covered/erased, skirt of "Apple Magician Girl" lengthened, and skirt of "Dark Magician Girl" slightly lengthened to cover her left thigh. 
 " Magician's Salvation " - Cleavage of "Dark Magician Girl" covered/erased and the pentagram was replaced by a red ruby. 
 " Mahunder  - Skirt lengthened. 
 " Maiden of Macabre  - The top of her outfit was edited to make it less revealing. 
 " Maiden of the Moonlight " - Cleavage altered to appear smaller. 
 " Mara of the Nordic Alfar  - Retroactive edit in the OCG; the darker blue hue is removed. 
 " Masked HERO Koga  - Bulging on the crotch area is removed. 
 " Meliae of the Trees " - "Chest" section of this monster just below and around where its folded hands are at darkened more (in a green hue) to curtail the connotation that this monster is topless. 
 " Merciful Machine Angel " - Crop top and thong of "Cyber Angel Izana" extended. 
 " Mermaid Knight " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Mermail Abyssdine " - Stomach covered. 
 " Mermail Abyssgunde " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Mermail Abysshilde " - Stomach covered. 
 " Mermail Abysslinde " - Stomach covered. 
 " Mermail Abyssocea " - Stomach covered. 
 " Mermail Abysstrite " - Stomach covered. 
 " Mist Valley Shaman " - Clothing made less revealing. Bust is also reduced. 
 " Mithra the Thunder Vassal " - Bust slightly reduced and chest armor recolored. 
 " Mystical Refpanel " - A piece of cloth added to cover more of the spirit's thigh. 
 " Mystical Sand " - Bust reduced and undershirt given to better conceal implied cleavage. 
 " Nanobreaker " - Pelvic area given more armor to make outfit less revealing. 
 " Nekogal #1 " - Given shorts. 
 " Nekogal #2 " - Given shorts. 
 " Neo Flamvell Lady " - Monster's seemingly-bare breast is covered with little puffs of fire. 
 " Neo-Spacian Twinkle Moss " - Bust reduced. A body suit outline is also given to "Twinkle Moss" to give the impression she is wearing clothes. 
 " Number 21: Frozen Lady Justice " - Skirt lengthened 
 " Number 83: Galaxy Queen " - Bust size and cleavage reduced. 
 " Number 87: Queen of the Night " - OCG retroactive edit; stomach uncovered. 
 " One Who Hunts Souls " - The bottom half was drawn to look more like a horse instead of a naked masculine figure. 
 " Parry Knights " - Red top added under woman's bra, and her skirt was widened to cover part of her thighs. 
 " Performapal Dramatic Theater " - "Hippo Tokens" have their outfits modified to be less revealing. 
 " Performapal Recasting " - X on the rear of " Performapal Hip Hippo " is removed. 
 " Prepare to Strike Back " - Undergarment on clothesline changed to a piece of cloth. 
 " Protecting Spirit Loagaeth " - Cleavage covered and midriff made less defined. 
 " Protector of the Throne " - Top is longer. 
 " Psychic Lifetrancer " - The legs of her suit are made longer. 
 " Psychokinesis " - The leg parts of the suit of " Psychic Lifetrancer " are made longer. 
 " Queen Angel of Roses " - Shading around her bust removed. 
 " Queen Dragun Djinn " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Queen's Pawn " - Undergarment added to upper torso of " Amazoness Queen " 
 " Raging Eria " - Lengthened skirt. 
 " Rai-Mei " - OCG retroactive edit; breast size increased. 
 " Rainbow Veil " - The clothes of "Dunames Dark Witch" made less revealing. 
 " Red Archery Girl " - Chest area is given slightly more clothing (chest was only covered by sea shells) and belly button is erased. 
 " Reeze, Whirlwind of Gusto " - Mid section covered and skirt lengthened. 
 " Resonance Device " - Skirt of " Warrior Lady of the Wasteland " lengthened and redesigned. 
 " Resurrection of Chakra " - Added clothing to the woman in the picture, bust size reduced. 
 " Retort " - Shirt elongated to cover belly button. 
 " Return of the Doomed " - Man in picture is given clothes 
 " Rise of the Snake Deity " - "Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes" has her bust line erased and her skin is recolored to make it look like she is wearing clothes. 
 " Ritual Beast's Bond " - "Ritual Beast Tamer Lara" is given slightly longer leggings. 
 " Ritual Beast Tamer Lara " - Leggings lengthened. 
 " Rose Archer " - Stomach covered. 
 " Rose Spectre of Dunn " - Top added. 
 " Sacred Noble Knight of King Artorigus " - Blue energy line near crotch was removed, to avoid any resemblance to male genitalia. 
 " Shadowpriestess of Ohm " - Stomach covered. 
 " Shadow of Eyes " - Eyes redrawn without make-up to avoid references to sexual attractiveness. 
 " Shadow Tamer " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Silent Paladin " - Skirt lengthened. 
 " Slacker Magician " - Stomach covered. 
 " Slate Warrior " - Paint on chest armor changed directions as it looks like nipples. 
 " Snake Deity's Command " - "Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes" in the artwork has had her bust line erased and given more clothing. 
 " Soitsu " - Line indicating the buttocks of "Soitsu" is removed. 
 " Solitaire Magician " - Skin recolored to make the card less revealing. 
 " Sonic Maid " - Cleavage covered 
 " Soul Release " - Nude form of soul covered with a white dress. In Over The Nexus, this was used as OCG version. 
 " Spear Cretin " - Green shirt and shorts added. 
 " Spearfish Soldier " - Armor briefs added to pelvic area to remove nudity implications. 
 " Spellbook of Judgment " - Waistcloth of " Empress of Prophecy " extended to be less revealing. 
 " Spellbook of Wisdom " - " High Priestess of Prophecy " given more clothing to sync it with the edits on her actual card. 
 " Spellbreaker of the Ice Barrier " - Given leggings to look less revealing. 
 " Spirit Burner " - The briefs of " Asura Priest " are edited to look more like shorts 
 " Spirit of the Winds " - Given more clothing. 
 " Spy-C-Spy " - Spy's bust is reduced. The spy and the brown-haired woman have their dresses lengthened. A man with hearts in his eyes has been redrawn to have closed eyes to remove references to lust. 
 " Staring Contest " - Shirt of "Slacker Magician" lengthened. 
 " Storming Wynn " - Lengthened skirt. 
 " Stumbling " - "Gagagigo" was given shorts. 
 " Succubus Knight " - Bust is reduced and cleavage is covered. 
 " Summon Sorceress " - Bottom flaps of cape pulled to cover more of her pelvis, top wrapped around back to cover up more skin on torso, and torso widened towards the viewer's left, making her look a bit more properly proportioned. 
 " Sunny Pixie " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Super Double Summon " - Bulging round "piece" on the waist of " Infinity Dark " is removed. 
 " Svartalf of the Nordic Alfar " - Chest darkened to make "Svartalf" look like its wearing clothing (so that it doesn't appear naked). 
 " T.G. Blade Blaster " - Crotch area altered. 
 " Tearalaments Meiru " - Bloomers extended 
 " The Big Cattle Drive " - The clothing of "Harpie Queen" is made less revealing and her bare skin is covered with teal cloth. 
 " The Emperor's Holiday " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " The Huge Revolution is Over  - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " The Puppet Magic of Dark Ruler " - Shorts added to purple creature. 
 " The Unhappy Girl " - Breasts Reduced. 
 " Thunder Nyan Nyan " - Clothing made less revealing. 
 " Time Passage  - "Fortune Lady Light" given more clothing. 
 " Toon Gemini Elf " - Cleavage covered and one had a glove added. 
 " Trading Places " - Pants added to "Winged Minion". 
 " Trap Trick " - Stomach of " Traptrix Dionaea ". 
 " Traptrix Atrax " - Stomach covered and skirt lengthened. 
 " Traptrix Dionaea " - Stomach covered. 
 " Traptrix Mantis " - Hem of shorts shifted up to cover part of her abdomen. 
 " Traptrix Nepenthes " - Stomach covered and skirt lengthened. 
 " Traptrix Rafflesia " - Cleavage slightly covered with fur and the right thigh of Rafflesia is covered with some white cloth. 
 " Tremendous Fire " - Naked fairies clothed in blue flames. Background flames recolored as part of the flames look like a hand making a suggestive gesture. 
 " Triangle Ecstasy Spark " - Harpie Ladies in the artwork have been given more clothing. 
 " Trickstar Crimson Heart " - Dress slightly altered to cover cleavage 
 " Trickstar Holly Angel " - White undershirt changed to darker color to cover cleavage line and avoid being mistaken for exposed skin. 
 " Trickstar Light Stage " - White undershirt of "Holly Angel" was changed to darker color to cover cleavage line and avoid being mistaken for exposed skin. 
 " Trickstar Reincarnation " - White undershirt of "Holly Angel" was changed to darker color to cover cleavage line and avoid being mistaken for exposed skin. 
 " Turnabout " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " Tyrant's Tantrum " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " Tyrant's Temper " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " Tyrant's Throes " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " Tyrant's Tirade " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " Tyrant's Tummyache " - Emperor's bare chest covered with shirt. 
 " Underground Arachnid " - Bust size reduced, and cleavage line erased. 
 " Vampire Vamp  - Cleavage and midriff are covered. 
 " Vanity's Emptiness  - The body of "Vanity's Fiend" is removed to remove exhibitionism implications. 
 " Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes " - Cleavage removed and skin recolored to be less revealing. 
 " Vishwar Randi " - Smaller breasts, breasts covered with clothing extension. 
 " Wall of Disruption " - " Manticore of Darkness " is given shorts. 
 " Water Girl " - Stomach and breasts covered. 
 " Water Omotics " - Blue scales added to cover breasts, hairband recolored. 
 " Whirlwind of Gusto  - bust of " Winda, Priestess of Gusto " is reduced and her shorts are lengthened. 
 " White Veil " - Outline of the woman's buttocks were erased. 
 " White Wing Magician " - White bands on monster's upper thighs (visible through the back of the skirt) were erased. 
 " Winged Minion " - Shorts added. 
 " Witchcrafter Collaboration " - Upper hem of the top of " Witchcrafter Schmietta " pulled up. 
 " Witchcrafter Draping " - Cleavage window in the dress of " Witchcrafter Haine " is closed. 
 " Witchcrafter Haine " - Cleavage window of monster's dress is closed. 
 " Witchcrafter Holiday " - Exposed bra of "Witchcrafter Schmietta" is erased/covered. 
 " Witchcrafter Masterpiece " - Cleavage window in the dress of "Witchcrafter Haine" is closed. 
 " Witchcrafter Schmietta " - Upper hem of monster's top pulled up to cover her exposed bra. 
 " Worm Apocalypse " - All "Worm Apocalypses" in artwork were given crotch armor to make them less revealing. 
 " Worm King " - Mouth on lower portion of body removed because of suggestive implications. 
 " Worm Rakuyeh " - Inner part of mouth removed to be less suggestive. 
 " White Night Queen " - Outfit has been edited to cover breasts. Bust size reduced. 
 " X-Saber Anu Piranha " - Bust size reduced. 
 Redrawn or alternate art 
 " Dian Keto the Cure Master " - Alternate art is used. Single breast is covered up with another layer of clothing. Ankh is replaced with orb of light to avoid religious connotation. Also symbol in background is removed 
 " Dramatic Rescue " - Girl being rescued is tied to a tree instead of having a hand in guillotine. Girl's outfit is also altered to be less revealing. 
 " Fiend Comedian " - Art replaced with less horrific one 
 " Final Flame " - Art replaced with less evidences of torture 
 " Last Day of Witch " - Art changed from a scene representing the Salem witch hunts to a comical looking witch with a red crossed-out sign . 
 " Mad Lobster " - Reprint of artwork redrew the monster's armor to make it less realistic. Background was also redrawn. 
 " Mystic Tomato " - Redrawn to not resemble a  jack-o'-lantern . 
 " Offerings to the Doomed " - Church altar with cross replaced with a treasure room 
 " Otohime " - "Otohime" is redrawn in a different pose. Her outfit is also slightly altered to be less revealing 
 " Parasite Paracide " - Artwork showing an insect coming out of a knight's face is replaced with artwork showing an insect to make the card less graphic 
 " Photon Lead " - In addition to the halo and wings of "Shining Angel" being removed, the background was also completely redrawn. 
 " Senju of the Thousand Hands " - Redrawn to look less like a real-life religious (Hindu) idol. 
 " Soul of the Pure " - The bloody angel cutting itself with a knife is replaced with a Fairy holding a glowing water droplet. 
 " Taunt " - Art changed from two human bullies to two aliens to remove any references to threat; one of them appears in the artwork of " Back to Square One ". 
 " The Forgiving Maiden " - Art changed because original art closely resembled a  nun 
 " Tragedy " - Art changed from a  guillotine  to a girl being stalked by a shady man. 
 " Ultimate Offering " - Art changed from what looks like a blood offering to a monster coming out and being created from another monster. 
 " Wattcancel " - Art changed from an electrified "Ojama Yellow" to a big "X" with a lightning bolt going into it in order to make the card look less violent, removing any reference of electrocution. 
 Translated, altered or removed text 
 " 7 Completed " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Ante " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Back to Square One " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " BIG Win!?  - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Black Illusion " - BM logo on shield changed to DM to reflect the TCG name of " Dark Magician " (called "Black Magician" in OCG). 
 " Cards of Consonance " - Japanese characters on card translated. 
 " Chain Material " - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Cross Counter  - Inscription on cape changed from "DEATH" to "DES". 
 " Dark Contract with Errors  - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Damage Translation " - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Defense Draw " - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Draw Muscle " - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Eater of Millions " - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Extra Gate " - "Exit" text on sign removed. 
 " Fake Feather " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Fake Trap " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Fusion Substitute " - Retroactive edit in the OCG; English text on cards replaced with Japanese text. 
 " Fusion Tag " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Heavy Slump " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text, also a sixth brown-colored word is added. 
 " Into the Void " - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Last Will " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Limit Reverse " - Japanese characters on card translated. 
 " Lose 1 Turn " - Japanese characters on card translated. 
 " Onikuji " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Power Break " - Japanese characters are replaced with English text. 
 " Performance Hurricane " - EM logo on bass drum changed to PM to reflect the TCG name of " Performapals " (called "Entermates" in OCG). 
 " Release Restraint Wave " - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Scarlet Security " - Japanese characters on cards translated. 
 " Shield & Sword " - Japanese characters replaced with English text. 
 " Shutendoji " - Kanji on gourd removed. 
 " Three of a Kind " - Japanese characters replaced with English text. 
 " Trap Stun " - Japanese characters replaced with English text. 
 " Vain Betrayer " - Japanese characters replaced with English text. 
 " Zombyra the Dark " - " Zombire " text removed. 
 Other 
 " Archfiend Heiress " - Energy globe around left hand removed as it made it look like the monster was making an obscene gesture. 
 " Aquaactress Arowana " - Cigar held by "Arowana" is removed to remove references to smoking. Mouth of "Arowana" is adjusted slightly to fit the change. 
 " Baby Tiragon " - Horns removed (to perhaps make it look less vicious rather than abscond religious connotations). 
 " Card Rotator " - " Jerry Beans Man " is corrected as a Normal Monster. 
 " D-Boyz " - Retroactive edit in OCG; two graffiti paintings are added in the background. 
 " Double Evolution Pill " - Pill redrawn to look more metallic. 
 " Exchange " - Cards in artwork are changed to different cards. 
 " Fairy Tail - Snow " - Ribbons recolored green, blue parts of clothes recolored red, and straight collar is changed to be scalloped, possibly to avoid copyright issues. 
 " Foolish Return " - Coffin where the hand was coming out of is removed. The hand instead comes out of the floor. 
 " Gimmick Puppet Shadow Feeler " - Arms on middle torso removed. 
 " Great Long Nose " - Nose made more slender. 
 " Homunculus the Alchemic Being " - Chains and shackles of "Homunculus the Alchemic Being" are removed to remove references to slavery. Saliva dripping out of mouth of "Homunculus" and saliva puddle are removed to remove the implication that "Homunculus" is suffering starvation. 
 " Injection Fairy Lily " - Red crosses in background and on the hat of "Injection Fairy Lily" are replaced with hearts, to remove reference to the  Red Cross . The Japanese version was edited in later releases as well. Also, in the dub anime, her syringe is changed to a rocket. 
 " Jewels of the Valiant " - Crack in the jewel of "Sophia, Goddess of Rebirth" is removed, "Constellar Sombre" is shown holding the sword up, and part of the red spark is removed. 
 " Legendary Fiend " - Artwork slightly zoomed out. 
 " Lunar Queen Elzaim " - Dress colour changed 
 " Number 41: Bagooska the Terribly Tired Tapir " - Bottles and cans of alcohol replaced with a pair of pillows. 
 " Numinous Healer " – In the latest OCG reprint, this card's artwork has its Red Cross symbols removed, and replaced with hearts, due to the political differences in European countries. 
 " Psychic Commander " - Right hand is changed from a flat hand to a pointing finger, to avoid references to  Nazism . 
 " Release, Reverse, Burst " - Horns of "Baby Tiragon" are removed. 
 " Retaliating "C" " - Video game controller on the floor has been redesigned to avoid any real life resemblance toward the actual product. 
 " Side Effects? " - Bolt of lightning coming out from behind " Horn Imp " is removed to avoid references to flatulence. 
 " Spy-C-Spy " - Cigar in man's mouth is removed and the man's mustache is extended to make it look like the man is rubbing his mustache. The glass of wine held by the man is removed and one wine bottle is redesigned to look like a bottle of juice while the other bottle is replaced with a plate of food. 
 " Succubus Knight " - Jewel on forehead is removed. 
 " The Six Samurai - Kamon " - Stick within the mouth of "Kamon" is removed due to it being a possible reference to smoking. 
 " Token Sundae " - Mugs being held by goblins are removed (probably because it looked like the goblins are enjoying some kind of beer). 
 " Trickstar Crimson Heart " - Heart-shaped keyholes in handcuffs removed. 
 " Tyrant's Throes " - Green liquid coming out of cup removed to remove possible reference to wine. 
 " Uni-Zombie " - Red blush on the cheeks of the thin zombie are removed possibly to remove reference to people being drunk. 
 " Weed Out " - Red Cross on the hat of "Injection Fairy Lily" is replaced with a heart possibly due to the same reason for the edit on "Injection Fairy Lily". 
 " Witchcrafter Holiday " - Drool coming out of the mouth of " Witchcrafter Madame Verre " removed. 
 Notes 
 
 
 ↑  1.00   1.01   1.02   1.03   1.04   1.05   1.06   1.07   1.08   1.09   1.10   This card was originally released in the TCG uncensored and was replaced by a modified artwork in later printings. 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   The uncensored artwork was later released in the TCG as an alternate artwork. 
 
 
 
 v e 
Gameplay and terminology Card layout 
 Colors 
 Artwork
 Original 
 Alternate 
 Attribute 
 Property 
 Level  ( Negative † ) /  Rank  /  Link Rating 
 Original 
 Card Number 
 Type 
 Ability 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Link Arrow 
 Card text 
 Pendulum Effect 
 Material 
 Card effect 
 ATK  /  DEF 
 Original 
 Passcode 
 Limitation text 
 Eye of Anubis Hologram 
 Card backing 
 QR code 
 Abbreviated names 
 Renames 
 Modified artworks 
 Errata 
 Simplified Effect Text 
 Problem-Solving Card Text 
 Misprint 
 Rarities 
 Common 
 Normal Rare  /  Short Print 
 Rare 
 Super Rare 
 Ultra Rare 
 Secret Rare 
 Ultimate Rare 
 Holographic Rare  /  Ghost Rare 
 Parallel Rare 
 Gold Rare 
 other rarities... 
 1st Edition 
 Unlimited Edition 
 Limited Edition 
 Duel Terminal Edition 
 Case Topper 
 Giant Card 
 Official Proxy 
 Cover card 
 Statuses 
 Legal 
 Unlimited 
 Semi-Limited 
 Limited 
 Forbidden 
 Illegal 
 Format
 Advanced 
 Traditional 
 Status lists... 
 Card types 
 Monster 
 Alignments † 
 Divine 
 Earth 
 Fire 
 Forest 
 Thunder 
 Water 
 Wind 
 Black Magic 
 Demon Magic 
 Illusion Magic 
 White Magic 
 Attributes 
 DARK 
 DIVINE 
 EARTH 
 FIRE 
 LAUGH † 
 LIGHT 
 WATER 
 WIND 
 Types 
 Aqua 
 Beast 
 Beast-Warrior 
 Charisma † 
 Creator God 
 Cyberse 
 Dinosaur 
 Divine-Beast 
 Dragon 
 Fairy 
 Fiend 
 Fish 
 Insect 
 Machine 
 Plant 
 Psychic 
 Pyro 
 Reptile 
 Rock 
 Sea Serpent 
 Spellcaster 
 Thunder 
 Warrior 
 Winged Beast 
 Wyrm 
 Zombie 
 Black Magic † 
 Celestial Warrior † 
 Cyborg † 
 Dragon Magic † 
 High Dragon † 
 Galaxy † 
 Human † 
 Illusion Magic † 
 Immortal † 
 Magical Knight † 
 Omega Psychic † 
 Sea Beast † 
 White Magic † 
 Yokai † 
 Monster types 
 Normal 
 Effect 
 Non-Effect 
 Ritual 
 Fusion 
 Synchro 
 Dark † 
 Accel † 
 Delta Accel † 
 Limit Over Accel † 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Token 
 Spell † 
 Trap 
 Field † 
 Pseudo 
 Monster subtypes 
 Tuner 
 Dark † 
 Special Summon 
 Armor † 
 Plus † 
 Minus † 
 Plus Minus † 
 Abilities 
 Flip 
 Toon 
 Spirit 
 Union 
 Gemini 
 
 Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Field 
 Equip 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Link † 
 Trap 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Counter 
 Field † 
 Monster † 
 Equip † 
 Other † 
 Equip 
 Illusion 
 Ritual 
 Speed Spell 
 Normal 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Trap Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Virus 
 Normal 
 Field 
 Non-game 
 Character 
 Checklist 
 FAQ 
 Strategy 
 Tip 
 Related 
 Archetype 
 Series 
 Card evolutions 
 Support 
 Anti-support 
 ? 
 ??? † 
 ∞ † 
 
 Game mechanics 
 General 
 Match 
 Duel 
 DRAW 
 Surrender 
 LP 
 Counter 
 Damage 
 Battle 
 Piercing 
 Effect 
 Card limits
 Deck
 Minimum 
 Maximum 
 Hand 
 Three-card rule 
 Spell Speed 
 Position 
 Face-down 
 Face-up 
 Battle position 
 Attack Position 
 Defense Position 
 Public knowledge 
 Areas 
 Deck
 Main 
 Extra 
 Side 
 Field 
 In Play 
 Hand 
 Graveyard 
 Banished 
 Limbo † 
 Attached 
 Zones 
 Deck 
 Extra Deck 
 Monster 
 Main Monster 
 Extra Monster 
 Spell & Trap 
 Field 
 Pendulum 
 Column 
 Turns 
 Count 
 Player 
 Phase 
 Draw 
 Normal draw 
 Standby 
 Main 1 
 Battle 
 Start Step 
 Battle Step 
 Damage Step 
 Damage calculation 
 End Step 
 Main 2 
 End 
 Actions 
 Owner 
 Possess 
 Control 
 Look 
 Reveal 
 Pick up a card 
 Excavate 
 Add a card 
 Draw a card 
 Shuffle 
 Cut 
 Random 
 Summon 
 Set 
 Flip 
 Change battle position 
 Send 
 Discard 
 Tribute 
 Destroy 
 By battle 
 Banish 
 Attach 
 Detach 
 Transfer 
 Equip 
 Unequip 
 Leave the field 
 Bounce 
 Spin 
 Return 
 Linked 
 Co-linked 
 Extra Link 
 Points to 
 Attack 
 Direct 
 Target 
 Replay 
 Double † 
 Battle 
 Activate 
 Pay 
 Declare 
 Select 
 Target 
 Respond 
 Chain 
 Link 
 Resolve 
 Unaffected 
 Negate 
 
 Card  effects 
 Types 
 Condition 
 Archetype 
 Archetype-exclusion 
 Level 
 Name 
 Rank 
 Summoning 
 Common 
 Normal 
 Special 
 Fusion 
 Strict 
 Ritual 
 Victory 
 Cost 
 Maintenance cost 
 Monster 
 Continuous 
 like 
 Ignition 
 Like 
 Quick 
 Like 
 Trigger 
 Like 
 Flip 
 Pseudo 
 Unclassified 
 Control only one 
 Field-Unique 
 Match winner 
 Summon monster 
 Unconfirmed 
 Mandatory 
 Optional 
 Lingering 
 Once per turn 
 Speeds 
 Spell Speed 1 
 Fast effect 
 Spell Speed 2 
 Spell Speed 3 
 Timing 
 Game state 
 Priority 
 Fast effect timing 
 Post-resolution window 
 Summon negation window 
 Summon response window 
 Attack declaration window 
 SEGOC 
 Missing the timing 
 
 Summoning 
 Types 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Set 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Flip 
 Special 
 By own condition 
 Fusion 
 Ritual 
 Synchro 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Contact Fusion † 
 Transformation † 
 Double Tuning † 
 Dark Synchro † 
 Phantom Synchro † 
 Accel Synchro † 
 Delta † 
 Limit Over † 
 Xyz Evolution † 
 Rank-Up † 
 Rank-Down † 
 Cross Xyz † 
 Dimension † 
 Integration † 
 Overscale Pendulum † 
 Transcendent Pendulum † 
 Reincarnation Link † 
 Mechanics 
 Summoning Rules 
 Double Tributer 
 Material 
 Fusion 
 Substitute 
 Synchro 
 Substitute 
 Xyz 
 Link 
 Normal Summon Monster 
 Special Summon-only 
 Nomi 
 Ignoring its Summoning conditions 
 
 Other 
 Activation & Targeting Eligibility 
 Activation requirement 
 Difference between Costs and Effects 
 Chains, Activation, and Resolution 
 Chaining to your own Cards 
 Counter Traps and Chains 
 Summons & Chains 
 Engine 
 Draw 
 Advantage
 Card 
 Field 
 Hand 
 One Turn Kill 
 First 
 Zero 
 Lockdown 
 Loop
 Controlled loop 
 Infinite loop 
 "Negate" vs. "Destroy" and Continuous Cards 
 Negating Continuous Card Costs 
 Fusion Material Monsters & Ritual Spell Tributes 
 
 †  Does not exist or is not official in the  OCG  or  TCG See also {{ Card lists }} and {{ Monsters and Monster Cards }}
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Gaming Terms