Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_175


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 175 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 バトルロワイヤル！十代VSヨハンVS藤原 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara 
 
 
 Number 
 175 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 20, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Clear Vice Dragon 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " 
 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " 
 
 
 
 
 "Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara" , is the one hundred and seventy-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired Japan on February 20, 2008.
 Nightshroud  begins a  Battle Royal  with  Jaden  and  Jesse , attempting to turn Jesse against Jaden. Jaden vows to save  Yusuke Fujiwara  from Nightshroud on behalf of  Honest .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Jesse Anderson vs. Yusuke Fujiwara 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 After  Nightshroud 's defeat of  Atticus , the  Trueman  clones move away, allowing  Jaden  and  Jesse  to step forward.  Honest  appears beside Jaden and is glad that his "master"  Yusuke Fujiwara  is alive. Jaden promises to save Fujiwara from Nightshroud and activates his  Duel Disk . Jesse steps in to aide Jaden, and Nightshroud accepts his involvement on the condition that they play the  Duel  as a  Battle Royal . No players may  attack  on their first  turn , so each player Summons a  monster  and begins  Setting  cards. Jaden comments that the last time he and Jesse Dueled together was  against Yubel  and Jesse says he'll never forget that Duel, as it gave him the power of the " Rainbow Dragon ".
 Nightshroud plays " Clear World " and four crystals appear above as the field is transformed into plains of darkness and the Trueman clones disappear. This card will inflict negative  effects  to each player depending on the  attribute  of monsters they have  face-up . However, Nightshroud's " Clear " monsters are treated as having no attribute, so the card only affects his opponents. Nightshroud reveals that a player that controls an  EARTH -attribute monster must  destroy  one of his monsters during his  End Phase , and a player with a  WATER -attribute monster must  discard  a card during their End Phase. Jesse plays " Trap Strap ", allowing Jaden to Set his " A Hero Emerges " card after  activating  it, and  Special Summoning  " Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " to his  field . Nightshroud reveals that a player with a  WIND -attribute monster on the field cannot activate any  Spell Cards . At this point Nightshroud realizes that Jaden and Jesse working as a team to defeat him will makes things a big problem for him in the duel, so he decides to turn them against each other by exploiting their darkness of heart.
 Knowing that Jaden may be able to resist by using  Yubel 's powers, Nightshroud reads Jesse's mind, attempting to find his darkness of heart to exploit it in an attempt to get him to turn on Jaden. However, he is unable to, as the " Crystal Beasts " and "Rainbow Dragon" block his mental path. However, he makes out a shadowed figure in the background - that of Jaden. Nightshroud determines that Jesse's darkness is that he wants to defeat Jaden in a Duel. Nightshroud states that Jaden and Jesse are very similar, and when they combine their powers, they can nearly create miracles. He says that this Battle Royal is Jesse's chance to defeat Jaden. Jesse admits that he does wish to defeat Jaden, and Summons " Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat ", using its effect to attack Jaden directly. Jaden counters with " Damage Interest ", giving Jesse back twice the damage he inflicted, while Jesse chains " Damage Capture ", increasing the  ATK  of "Sapphire Pegasus" by the amount of damage he took. However, Jesse uses it to attack " Clear Rage Golem " instead of " Elemental Hero Clayman ", much to Nightshroud's shock. Yusuke thinks that Jesse bluffed him about his darkness, but Jesse explains that he does want to defeat Jaden, but that isn't necessarily darkness, it's just something any Duelist would want. Jaden agrees that he would also like to defeat Jesse, and states that you shouldn't give up on your battles.
 Jaden and Jesse continue to work together to thwart Nightshroud's strategies, even finding ways to turn the effect of "Clear World"  into advantages. Though Jesse wants to defeat Jaden, he aides him to defeat Nightshroud first, in order to repay Jaden for  saving him from Yubel . Jesse helps Jaden  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " Jaden uses it and "Elemental Hero Clayman" to successfully reduce Nightshroud's  Life Points  to 800. Honest again begs Jaden to save Fujiwara, and Nightshroud counters by Summoning " Clear Vice Dragon " - the monster he used to defeat Atticus.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Jesse Anderson vs. Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Turn 1: Yusuke 
Yusuke draws " Clear Phantom " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (1200/1400) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jesse 
Jesse draws " Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle " and subsequently Normal Summons it (600/2000) in  Defense Position . He then sets two cards.
 Turn 3: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental Hero Wildheart " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1500/1600) in Attack Position. He then sets two cards.
 Turn 4: Yusuke 
Yusuke draws " Clear World " and subsequently activates it. Now a negative effect will be imposed on all players depending on the Attribute of their respective monsters with the exception of  Clear  monsters since they are treated as having no Attribute while on the field. Yusuke then Normal Summons " Clear Rage Golem " (1600/1800) in Attack Position. "Clear Phantom" attacks "Wildheart". "Wildheart" destroys "Clear Phantom" (Yusuke 4000 → 3700). The effect of "Clear Phantom then activates, destroying "Wildheart" and forcing Jaden to send the top three cards of his  Deck  to the  Graveyard  (" Elemental Hero Burstinatrix ", " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " and " Elemental Hero Neos "). 
 "Clear Rage Golem" attacks Jaden  directly , but Jaden activates his face-down " A Hero Emerges " to make Yusuke select one card in his hand. If that card is a monster, Jaden may Special Summon it. Yusuke selects a card and Jaden reveals it to be " Elemental Hero Clayman ", so Jaden  Special Summons  "Elemental Hero Clayman" (800/2000) in Defense Position. Jesse then activates his face-down " Trap Strap " to re-Set "A Hero Emerges" instead of send it to the Graveyard and Special Summon " Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus " (1800/1200) from his Deck in Attack Position. Yusuke explains that due to the WIND effect of "Clear World", Jesse can't activate Spell Cards. The first effect of "Sapphire Pegasus" then activates, allowing Jesse to take " Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth " from his Deck and place it in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone  as a  Continuous Spell Card . A  replay  occurs and Yusuke chooses not to attack. Yusuke then activates " Clear Wall ". Now Battle Damage less than 1000 will be nullified and Clear monsters in Attack Position can't be destroyed in battle.
 At this point, Yusuke goes into Jesse's mind to find his darkness, so he can turn Jaden and Jesse against each other. Upon seeing Jaden in Jesse's mind, he believes that is Jesse's darkness and tells Jesse he wants to defeat Jaden and he made this Duel a Triangle Duel for this reason.
 Turn 5: Jesse 
Jesse draws. He then Normal Summons " Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat " (1200/400) in Attack Position. "Amethyst Cat" attacks Jaden directly via its own effect at the cost of halving the Battle Damage Jaden takes (Jaden 4000 → 3400). Jaden then activates his face-down " Damage Interest " to inflict twice the amount of damage he received to Jesse (Jesse 4000 → 2800). Jesse activates his face-down " Damage Capture " to increase the ATK of "Sapphire Pegasus" by the amount of damage he received ("Sapphire Pegasus": 1800 → 3000/1200). Yusuke believes Jesse will use "Sapphire Pegasus" to attack "Clayman", but Jesse uses "Sapphire Pegasus" to attack "Clear Rage Golem" instead. Yusuke destroys "Clear Wall" to prevent "Clear Rage Golem" from being destroyed and nullify the Battle Damage he would take. Jaden and Jesse reveal to Yusuke that they pretended to turn against each other and whatever Yusuke saw in Jesse's mind was not darkness.
 Jesse sets two cards. On Jesse's  End Phase , the EARTH effect of "Clear World" activates and Jesse destroys "Amethyst Cat". Jesse then activates the last effect of "Amethyst Cat" to place it in his Spell & Trap Card Zone as a Continuous Spell Card. Due to the WATER effect of "Clear World", Jesse discards " Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle "  [Notes 1] . The effect of "Damage Capture" expires ("Sapphire Pegasus": 3000 → 1800/1200).
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization ". He then switches "Clayman" to Attack Position. Jesse then activates his face-down " Sapphire Revive " to Special Summon "Burstinatrix" (1200/800) from Jaden's Graveyard to his side of the field in Attack Position as well as Special Summon "Cobalt Eagle" (1400/800) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Jaden activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Burstinatrix" with " Elemental Hero Avian " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental Hero Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in Attack Position. 
 "Elemental Hero Flame Wingman" attacks and destroys "Clear Rage Golem" (Yusuke 3700 → 3200). The effect of "Flame Wingman" then activates, inflicting damage to Yusuke equal to the ATK of his destroyed monster (Yusuke 3200 → 1600). "Clayman" attacks Yusuke directly (Yusuke 1600 → 800). Jaden sets a card. On Jaden's End Phase, the EARTH effect of "Clear World" activates and Jaden destroys "Clayman".
 Turn 7: Yusuke 
Yusuke draws. He then activates " Clear Sacrifice " by revealing " Clear Vice Dragon " and  removing from play  "Clear Phantom" and "Clear Rage Golem" from his  Graveyard . Yusuke then Normal Summons "Clear Vice Dragon" (0/0) in Attack Position without  tributing . "Clear Vice Dragon" then attacks "Flame Wingman". Due to the second effect of "Clear Vice Dragon", its ATK becomes equal to twice the ATK of "Flame Wingman" ("Clear Vice Dragon": 0 → 4200/0) until the end of the Damage Step.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cars appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman 
 Elemental Hero Wildheart Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 A Hero Emerges 
 Damage Interest 
 
 Jesse Anderson Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Crystal Beast Amber Mammoth [Notes 2] 
 Crystal Beast Amethyst Cat 
 Crystal Beast Cobalt Eagle 
 Crystal Beast Emerald Turtle 
 Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Damage Capture 
 Sapphire Revive 
 Trap Strap 
 
 Nightshroud/Yusuke Fujiwara Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Clear Phantom 
 Clear Rage Golem 
 Clear Vice Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Clear Sacrifice 
 Clear Wall 
 Clear World 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Rainbow Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chaos Phantasm Armityle 
 Rainbow Neos Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Last Trick 
 Thousand Buster 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , the  effect  of " Clear World " that affects  WIND - attribute   monsters  is that one must  pay  500  Life Points  to activate a  Spell Card , it does not disallow them entirely. Its effect for  EARTH -attribute monsters requires one to destroy a  Defense Position  monster during one's  Standby Phase , not any monster during their  End Phase . 
 
 ↑   This monster was shown as a  Continuous Spell Card . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Series175-GX.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130211010202', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes