Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Vendread


 
 Vendread 
 ヴェンデット  ( Vendetto ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Vendread Charge  depicting " Vendread Battlelord " along with a horde of " Vendread Revenants "," Vendread Houndhorde "," Vendread Striges ", and " Vendread Chimeras " 
 
 
 Translation 
 Vendead 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Vendetterreur Translation:  Vendetterror 
 
 
 German 
 Venschrecken Translation:  Venterror 
 
 
 Italian 
 Venterrore Translation:  Venterror 
 
 
 Korean 
 벤데드   Bendeteu   (romanized) Translation:  Vendead 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Vendorror 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Vengamiedo Translation:  Venamafraid 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Power of the Elements 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Code of the Duelist Sneak Peek Participation Card Code of the Duelist Circuit Break OTS Tournament Pack 6 Extreme Force Flames of Destruction 2018 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Battles of Legend: Hero's Revenge 2019 Gold Sarcophagus Tin Mega Pack Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Extra Pack 2017 Extra Pack 2018 Power of the Elements +1 Bonus Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Vendread ", known as " Vendead " (ヴェンデット  Vendetto ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  DARK   Zombie   monsters . It is one of two formerly  TCG -exclusive   archetypes  debuted in  Code of the Duelist , the other being " F.A. ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Members 
 3   Support 
 4   Playing style 
 5   Official Decklist 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The "Vendread" monsters resemble mutated creatures and zombies, common from several horror series, in particular the  Resident Evil  franchise, as well as a few possible nods to the  Spawn  franchise and  The Thing .
 
 Etymology 
 The names of this archetype are blends of the word "vendetta" and other words, particularly "dread" in English,  Andetto  in Japanese and the words for "terror", "fright" or "fear" in other languages. Additionally, as shown on "Avendread" (in the Japanese version, "Advendead") and "Revendread" cards, the words "avenge", "advent" and "revenge" also comes into play at times. This may refer to the fact that  Revendread Slayer  appears to be against the Vendread. It is also inferred that Slayer wants vengeance for what  the Vendread did to his family .
 
 Members 
 
 
 Level
 
 Monster 
 Origin 
 "Resurrection" costs and effects 
 "Buff" it can grant to a "Vendread" Ritual monster
 
 
 1
 
 Vendread Anima 
 N/A 
 can Special Summon a banished "Vendread" monster by banishing itself 
 Banish any monster destroyed by battle with this card.
 
 
 1
 
 Vendread Core 
 
 Uroboros Virus / Necroplasm Parasite / The Thing 
 
 can summon itself from the graveyard by banishing a Zombie monster from the Graveyard 
 Your opponent cannot target this card with card effects.
 
 
 2
 
 Vendread Striges 
 
 Crow / Kid Napper 
 can summon itself from the graveyard after being sent there by revealing a "Vendread" card 
 After damage calculation, if this card battled an opponent's monster: You can draw 1 card, then discard 1 card.
 
 
 3
 
 Vendread Houndhorde 
 
 Zombie Dog / Kennel Thing 
 can summon itself from the graveyard at the cost of discaring a "Vendread" card 
 Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Spell/Trap your opponent controls; banish it.
 
 
 4
 
 Vendread Revenants 
 
 Revenant 
 can summon itself from the graveyard if destroyed by an opponent's card 
 Once per turn (Quick Effect): You can target 1 Special Summoned monster your opponent controls; banish it.
 
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Ritual Monster
 
 Origin
 
 
 5
 
 Vendread Chimera 
 
 The Thing 
 
 
 6
 
 Revendread Slayer 
 
 Tyrant / Spawn 
 
 
 7
 
 Vendread Battlelord 
 Omega Spawn /Nemesis T-Type/Overt-Kill
 
 
 8
 
 Revendread Executor 
 Albert Wesker
 
 
 
 
 Link Rating
 
 Link Monster
 
 Origin
 
 
 2
 
 Avendread Savior 
 
 Chris Redfield/Leon Scott Kennedy
 
 Support 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Revendread Origin 
 G-Virus 
 
 
 Vendread Charge 
 
 N/A
 
 
 Vendread Daybreak 
 
 Sterilization Operation 
 
 
 Vendread Nightmare 
 
 N/A
 
 
 Vendread Nights 
 Raccoon City / New York City 
 
 
 Vendread Reorigin 
 Zombie Infection 
 
 
 Vendread Reunion 
 Original Thing 
 
 
 Revendread Evolution 
 
 N/A
 
 
 Vendread Revolution 
 Assimilation 
 
 Playing style 
 The "Vendread" archetype focuses on  Ritual Summoning . So far, all non-Ritual monsters in the archetype come with two effects, each of which can only be used once per turn: the first effect revolves around the  Special Summon  of the monster from your  GY   when a certain condition is met, but comes at the cost of the monster being  banished  when it  leaves the field . The second effect grants a "Vendread"  Ritual Monster  that was Ritual Summoned using the "Vendread" non-Ritual monster  on the field  a  Quick Effect  that enables considerable field advantage. " Vendread Reorigin " is a rather unorthodox  Trap Card  which enables not only slowing down the opponent's momentum by means other than destroying a card, but also gives the player a way to generate more tribute fodder.
 Their first  Ritual Spell Card , " Revendread Origin ", is easily one of the most practical Ritual Spell Cards seen in recent times. It is one of only five Ritual Spell Cards which can Ritual Summon the target monster  out of the GY , which makes discarding the archetype's Ritual Monsters to activate effects a viable strategy, and enables the spell to act as a recovery option for the archetype's Ritual Monsters after they leave the field. In addition, the Ritual Spell allows the player to tribute monsters whose total  Levels   may  exceed the Level of the Ritual Monster that is to be Ritual Summoned, and enables banishing  any   Zombie  monsters from the GY should one lack the needed monsters on the field or hand. This in turn opens a lot of possible combinations with the " Shiranui " archetype, as well as " Zombie World ". Given that "Revendread Origin" has a protection effect that specifically lists and applies to only " Revendread Slayer ", this card can be searched by " Pre-Preparation of Rites " which gives the deck the speed which every Ritual Summon deck needs, something that sets it apart from every other archetype-generic Ritual Spell Card that came before it.  
 Their second Ritual Spell Card, " Revendread Evolution ", whilst not as flexible as "Revendread Origin", still helps the deck gather resources. Like "Revendread Origin", this spell is able to Ritual Summon the target monster out of the GY. Unlike its predessor, this card cannot banish Zombies from the GY as material, instead providing the player the ability to Tribute a "Vendread" monster  from the Deck  in order to Ritual Summon. However, " Revendread Evolution " also comes with some drawbacks. In order to Ritual Summon, the levels of the tributed monsters must  exactly  equal the level of the Ritual monster, and the Ritual Summoned monster will be destroyed at the end of the next turn. Finally, unlike the first Ritual Spell, this card doesn't have list any Ritual Monster's name, thus rendering it unable to be searched by "Pre-Preparation of Rites"  
 " Vendread Reunion ", although a Trap Card, acts as another "Ritual" card, allowing for the summoning of banished Vendread Monsters before immediately tributing them in order to Ritual Summon. This not only recycles banished Vendread Monsters but allows the Ritual Monster to gain additional effects and Ritual Summon in your opponents turn. However, " Vendread Reunion " is the least flexible "Ritual" card of the archetype. This card cannot Ritual Summon Ritual Monsters from the Graveyard, instead the Monster has to be in the hand. Furthermore the levels of the Special Summoned banished Monsters must  exactly  equal the Level of the Ritual Monster, thus marking it as a unique but unflexible "Ritual" card. 
 " Vendread Nightmare " was a failed attempt to strengthen and simplify Ritual Summoning in the archtype.  Activating it's first effect, the player to tribute "Vendread" Monsters in the hand in order to increase the Level of a Monster they control by the number of tributed Monsters, results in a big loss of ressources. The tributed Monsters could have been just used for the Ritual Summon itself. However, the second effect grants attacking "Vendread" Ritual Monsters a permanent 1000 ATK boost every time they destroy an opponent's Monster. Overall " Vendread Nightmare " is a unhelpful card for the archetype.  
 " Avendread Savior " is the deck's first Extra Deck Monster and helps solve some of the decks issues. Firstly, it is considered "Revendread Slayer" whilst on the field, allowing it to be saved with "Revendread Origin". Its second effect allows the player to return any "Vendread" card from the GY to the hand, providing more consistent Ritual Summoning if one has already occured. Its final effect allows it to send any Zombie-type monster from deck to Graveyard to lower an opponent's monster it battles by 200 times the sent monster's level until the end of the turn. The flexibility of this effect allows the player to stack their graveyard with monsters who provide effects from the graveyard, such as " Mezuki ", " Gozuki ", or " Vendread Striges ". 
 Due to the sheer number of generic Zombie support released through the years, "Vendread" have access to a plethora of useful support cards to make up for the small number of their own cards, in particular the likes of " Book of Life ", " Gozuki " and " Shutendoji " which tremendously benefit the archetype in terms of resource management and recycling tribute fodder for their next Ritual Summon. 
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Vendread Anima 
 Vendread Core 
 Vendread Houndhorde 
 Vendread Revenants 
 Vendread Striges 
 Bone Crusher 
 Doomking Balerdroch 
 Impcantation Candoll 
 Impcantation Bookstone 
 Impcantation Penciplume 
 Impcantation Talismandra 
 Djinn Demolisher of Rituals 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gozuki 
 Mezuki 
 Shiranui Solitaire 
 Shiranui Spiritmaster 
 Shutendoji 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Tristan, Knight of the Underworld 
 Zombie Master 
 Tuner monsters 
 Ghost Charon, the Underworld Boatman 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Scapeghost 
 Shiranui Spectralsword 
 Uni-Zombie 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Revendread Executor 
 Revendread Slayer 
 Vendread Battlelord 
 Vendread Chimera Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon 
 Predaplant Dragostapelia 
 Sea Monster of Theseus 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Archfiend Zombie-Skull 
 Revived King Ha Des 
 Other generic Synchro Monsters 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dante, Traveler of the Burning Abyss 
 Leviair the Sea Dragon 
 Other  Rank 3  Xyz Monsters 
 Link Monsters 
 Vampire Sucker 
 Avendread Savior Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Revendread Evolution 
 Revendread Origin 
 Vendread Charge 
 Vendread Nightmare 
 Vendread Nights 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Book of Life 
 Burial from a Different Dimension 
 Contract with the Abyss 
 Cross Breed 
 D.D.R. - Different Dimension Reincarnation 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Foolish Burial 
 Fulfillment of the Contract 
 Fusion Substitute 
 Instant Fusion 
 Pot of Acquisitiveness 
 Pre-Preparation of Rites 
 Preparation of Rites 
 Recurring Nightmare 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Veil of Darkness 
 Zombie Necronize 
 Zombie World 
 Traps 
 Vendread Daybreak 
 Vendread Reorigin 
 Vendread Reunion 
 Vendread Revolution 
 Back to the Front 
 Booby Trap E 
 Darklight 
 Dark Illusion 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 The Deep Grave 
 D.D. Dynamite 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Graverobber's Retribution 
 Grinning Grave Virus 
 Jar of Avarice 
 Necro Fusion 
 Renewal of the World 
 Ritual Buster 
 Urgent Ritual Art 
 Official Decklist 
 
 Konami's "Vendread" Deck [1] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Vendread Houndhorde  x3 
 Vendread Revenants  x3 
 Shiranui Solitaire  x3 
 Mezuki  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Uni-Zombie  x3 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Revendread Slayer  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Dragonecro Nethersoul Dragon  x2 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon  x2 
 Synchro Monsters 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Tornado Dragon 
 Diamond Dire Wolf 
 Evilswarm Exciton Knight Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Revendread Origin  x3 
 Fusion Recycling Plant  x3 
 Terraforming  x2 
 Polymerization 
 Dragon's Mirror 
 Super Polymerization 
 Pre-Preparation of Rites  x3 
 Preparation of Rites  x2 
 Foolish Burial 
 Burial from a Different Dimension  x2 
 Traps 
 Vendread Reorigin  x3 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   https://ygorganization.com/deck-recipe-vendread-deck-recipe/ 
 
 
   
" Vendread " 「ヴェンデット」 Members 
 Avendread Savior Revendread Executor Revendread Slayer Scar of the Vendread Vendread Anima Vendread Battlelord Vendread Chimera Vendread Core Vendread Houndhorde Vendread Revenants Vendread Scavenger Vendread Striges 
 Ravenous Vendread Revendread Evolution Revendread Origin Vendread Charge Vendread Daybreak Vendread Nightmare Vendread Nights Vendread Reorigin Vendread Reunion Vendread Revolution 
 Support 
 Avendread Savior Revendread Executor Revendread Slayer Scar of the Vendread Vendread Anima Vendread Battlelord Vendread Chimera Vendread Core Vendread Houndhorde Vendread Revenants Vendread Scavenger Vendread Striges 
 Ravenous Vendread Revendread Evolution Revendread Origin Vendread Charge Vendread Daybreak Vendread Nightmare Vendread Nights Vendread Reorigin Vendread Reunion Vendread Revolution 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/56/VendreadCharge-EXFO-EN-R-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/343?cb=20200406192900']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Ritual Monster(s), Archetypes with Link Monster(s)