Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Shinji_Weber


 
 Shinji Weber 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Shinji Weber 
 
 
 Japanese   
 シンジ・ウェーバー 
 
 
 Korean   
 신지 웨버 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Friendship Cup   Top 8     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Battlewasp 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 56: " Synchro Sector " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Graham Halstead 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kaito Ishikawa Yō Taichi  (younger) [1] 
 
 
 Arabic  
 Ziad Mounzer 
 
 
 
 Shinji Weber  is a character who appears in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a  Commons  Turbo Duelist and a friend of  Crow Hogan  from  New Domino City  in the  Synchro Dimension  who bears a hatred against the  Topsiders . [1] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Friendship Cup 
 2.3   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.4   Heartland City 
 2.5   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Shinji.     
 Shinji is a tall fair-skinned young man, with double coloured purple hair that has strands of blue in the base of his hair and green eyes. Like Crow, Shinji also wears piercings.
 He wears a colored biker suit with strands of blue on his tights and chest with a yellow pattern across his mid chest. The suit seems to be held together by a belt. His half-open suit reveals a gray shirt worn underneath. He also wears brown boots and gloves. Shinji wears a brown helmet with a green visor during  Turbo Duels .
 
 Personality 
 Due to the circumstances of his harsh life as a  Commons  resident since a young age, Shinji has a deep hatred towards the current system of New Domino City and the  Topsiders , who took everything from them and lived by them without any ounce of worry or remorse. His hatred is further exacerbated by the takeover of the home that sheltered him due to debt, as well as constant humiliation and scorn from Topsiders, who viewed him and his cards as trash, inspiring him to change the system.
 Believing the  Friendship Cup  is nothing but a "show for Topsiders" he never hesitates in throwing as many derogatory comments as he can at them, while at the same time criticizing the Commons in the audience for acting submissive and tame as the Topsiders wanted. Despite this, he subsequently encouraged them to rise up, using his own Dueling as a demonstration of how the Commons can fight united and supporting each other and able to overthrow the current society. He demonstrated great charisma in being able to quickly win the favor of the entire audience, going as far as refer to his own Dueling as the Commons' Dueling united.
 Otherwise, in a more casual environment, Shinji is a rather friendly and sociable individual, bringing gifts to the kids under Crow's care, and even attending to others such as  Riley  with care. He is also seen to be more than willing to give a helping hand to an outsider as he as his friends helped the  Lancers  evade  Sector Security , and he ended up getting arrested himself when he tried to warn  Crow  about Sector Security.
 His intense hatred towards the Topsiders can make him distrusting and suspicious about those who don't agree with his views even if they're friends, as he quickly assumed both Yuya and Moon Shadow serve the Topsiders simply for rejecting his idea of a revolution against the Topsiders. He also accused Yuya of having fixed their Duel and making deals with Sector Security after  Jean-Michel Roget  congratulated Yuya for defeating him. He even turned against Crow when the latter tried to talk him down during the riots.
 Shinji can be slightly hypocritical though, as when Yuya had brought out "Tuning Magician" onto the field during their Duel, Shinji constantly referred to it as a useless card, despite how he kept trying to justify the use of weak cards from his own Deck that represented the Commons.
 
 Etymology 
 Shinji Weber may be named after  Max Weber , a German sociologist, philosopher, jurist, and political economist whose ideas profoundly influenced social theory and social research, reflecting Shinji's character as someone who wants to change the social system of  New Domino City .
 
 Biography 
 History 
       Young Shinji.     
 As a Commons, Shinji had a long life of being persecuted by the actions of the  Topsiders , having the orphanage where he stayed being closed down on one occasion. On another occasion, Shinji challenged a Topsiders to a Duel and lost, and tried to give the Topsiders a card for winning as they had agreed, but the Topsiders Duelist mocked Shinji's cards and tossed it to him, telling him to come back when he had better cards. [2] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 When  Sector Security  cornered the  Lancers   Yuya Sakaki ,  Celina ,  Riley , and  Sylvio Sawatari  by gathering more units, Shinji helped  Crow Hogan  rescue them [3]  and dropped them off at his hideout. [4]  Later, Shinji visited the hideout to bring in the supplies Crow requested. He didn't like that fact that the Lancers were still in the hideout since they were wanted now, and could bring trouble to the kids and Crow. Before Shinji left, he warned Crow that Sector Security were searching high and low for the Lancers. When he found out that Sector Security had cornered the Lancers, Shinji went to warn Crow, who was Dueling Yuya at that moment, but was too late and Sector Security had them all arrested. He tried to escape on his  Duel Runner , but he was blocked and got caught as well. [1] 
 He, Crow, and the Lancers were brought to the  Facility . He and Crow explained how most of the inmates were there on false charges. They reunited with  Gong  and  Dennis  and learned about  Shay 's solitary confinement. He then watched as  Chojiro Tokumatsu  Dueled Yuya and he and Crow were reminded of how Chojiro used to be an idol for many  Commons  in the past. [5] [6] 
 While Chojiro, Yuya and Sylvio held an  Action Duel  Show for the inmates, Shinji planned a prison break with Crow and their friend  Damon , who was also imprisoned there. The three Commons escaped ahead of the imprisoned Lancers, who were running from the  Stomptroopers . [7] [8] 
 When the prison breakers reunited, they dived into the river and swam to the other side, where  Tony Zomboni  was waiting for them. Unbeknownst to them, Tony was already caught by Sector Security and the entire group was arrested again by  Jean-Michel Roget . The entire group was then salvaged from Sector Security vehicles by order of the  High Council . They were brought to the Council and were invited to participate in the  Friendship Cup  under  Declan 's suggestion. Shinji was locked in a luxurious room in the tower, where he would wait his turn to Duel. [8] 
 After Crow's and Gong's Duel, Shinji was scheduled to Duel Riley Akaba. Riley, however, was unwilling to Duel him because Shinji gave him candy before. Because of this,  Moon Shadow  replaced Riley as Shinji's opponent, which confused  Melissa Trail  and the audience, as they mistook Declan's brother as a ninja. Before the Duel, Shinji rallied the Commons to stand up and fight the injustice done to them by the  Topsiders . He claimed that the Commons were acting passively just as the Topsiders wanted them to be. He told them that he broke out of the detention facility solely to put on a show for the Topsiders and declared his intentions of not playing by their rules. He was quickly chastised by Melissa, who reminded him of the "friendship" concept of the tournament. [2] 
 Moon dealt heavy damage right away by making use of the  Action Cards  in " Crossover Acceleration " with " Illusion Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Shuriken ", but Shinji stopped Moon from continuing this by pulling an  Action Card  away from him. He then Summoned his " Battlewasp "  monsters  and explained their similarity to the Commons. Using " Battlewasp - Halberd the Charge " he ran through Moon's combo of " Twilight Ninja Shingetsu " and"  Illusion Ninjitsu Art of Hazy Toad ". Shinji chided Moon for carelessly using a power-up and taking unnecessary damage in the process. He compared this to the Topsiders taking greater damage when they lose their wealth; what happened to Moon would also happen to the Topsiders. [2] 
 Shinji hurt Moon's pride as a ninja by believing him to act just like Sector Security, as someone who bowed down to his lord and being a good for nothing. Subsequently, when Moon kept on his offensive, he talked about his own personal hardships as well as the overall unfairness of the current system, which mirrored Moon's persistence in hurting Shinji continuously as how the Topsiders kept taking things away from Shinji and humiliated him and his cards. Shinji used his swarm of "Battlewasp" monsters to get through Moon's wall of " Ninja " monsters, fortified by " Twilight Ninja Shogun - Getsuga " and used " Urgent Tuning " to Summon his  Level 12   Synchro Monster  " Battlewasp - Ballista the Armageddon " during the  Battle Phase . He  attacked  Moon with it, blowing up his  Duel Runner  and defeating him. While doing so, he rallied the Commons again and explained how it was their turn to rise up and not just his. The audience, finally moved by Shinji's words, cheered at his victory, but he cut them short. He said this was not the time to cheer fully just yet, but he still encouraged them to fight back. [2]  He watched the other Duels of the first round, including Tony's loss to Celina, a loss that he bemoaned [9] , and the brutal climax of  Shay 's Duel with  Dennis McField , which revealed Dennis as part of  Duel Academy . [10] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Shinji's second round match was against Yuya, after the brutal Duel between  Zuzu Boyle  and  Sergey Volkov . Yuya was torn over Zuzu's ambiguous fate, and Shinji harshly explained that no one would save Zuzu after she had lost, as losers were abandoned, which was why he wanted to change the society. He advised Yuya to win the Duel if he had a message that he wanted to get across. Shinji continued to rally the Commons and encourage them, blocking Yuya's initial attempt at a  One Turn Kill  and calling his use of " Gap Power " to only gain 100  ATK  a waste in a similar manner to the Topsiders. He drove Yuya back with " Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow " and the effect damage of his " Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseyes ", before Yuya declared that the real match would be beginning and brought out " Timebreaker Magician " to destroy "Azusa". Shinji retorted that it was too late for that with all the Commons behind him, and he stated that the revolution had begun. [11]  Shinji revived "Azusa" and tuned it with his "Pins" to Synchro Summon " Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow ", which he described as the Commons'  Synchro Monster . Yuya attempted to reason with Shinji, protesting that hate wouldn't change anything and explained his own outlook of wanting to make New Domino City smile. Shinji retorted that they would only smile after defeating the Topsiders. He cleared Yuya's field, but Yuya was able to survive the turn. On the next turn, Shinji received an unexpected surprise when Yuya was forced to Summon " Tuning Magician ", which damaged Yuya and healed Shinji. Shinji commented that drawing such a useless card has sealed Yuya's fate and attempted to win on his next turn, but Yuya was able to survive again. Yuya revived his monsters on the next turn, including "Tuning Magician", which Shinji exploited with " Bee Formation " to increase the ATK of "Hama". Yuya then performed a Synchro Summon of his own to bring out " Enlightenment Paladin " and re-use "Gap Power", which was strengthened thanks to the effect of "Tuning Magician" increasing the difference between Shinji and Yuya's LP. "Enlightenment Paladin" destroyed "Hama", and Shinji's own mass ATK increasing of "Hama" led to the effect of "Enlightenment Paladin" finishing him off. The loss of his revolution caused Shinji to scream in frustration. [12] 
 Shinji returned to the  Duel Palace  in frustration, and after he saw Yuya being praised by the Topsiders and  Jean-Michel Roget , he accused the match of being fixed so that Yuya could win and of being allied with the Topsiders from the beginning. Roget pointed out the flaws in Shinji's reasoning and he denounced Shinji in front of the crowd, before having the staff take him away to the  Underground Labor Facility . Although Yuya vowed to save Shinji, Shinji screamed expressions of hatred towards Yuya. [13]  Amanda, Frank, Tarren, and Zuzu later discovered that Shinji had gone to the Underground Labor Facility when they took refuge there themselves. [14] 
 When Shay, Gong,  Sylvio , and Moon Shadow caused a riot, Shinji, Damon, and Tony decided to take advantage of the situation and encourage the other inmates to rebel as well. As the inmates rioted, Shinji went to take over the control room before Sector Security arrived. When the  Stomptroopers  arrived to stop everyone, Shinji activated the conveyor belt to cause them to drop their weapons, and was then informed by Tony that they were able to retrieve everyone's  Duel Disks . Shinji then announced to everyone to get on the conveyor belts so they could go to New Domino City. He then thanked Chojiro's lackeys for helping him take over the control room. [15]  After escaping from underground, Shinji and others started to gather allies for the takeover of New Domino City. [16]  Shinji then led the Commons into New Domino City for revolution against the Topsiders, but they stopped during their rioting when Jack was scheduled to face  Sergey Volkov . [17]  They soon began rioting again after the Duel ended, and they were confronted by Sector Security after Roget placed New Domino City under martial law. Damon was driven back, but they were saved by Crow using " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ". Crow tried to stop Shinji's rioting and convince him that  Duel Academy  were the true enemy, but Shinji refused, claiming that he hated the Topsiders more than Duel Academy and he, Damon and Tony activated their Duel Disks against Crow, who proceeded to do the same. Before they could Duel, Yuya appeared on the screen; proclaiming that Dueling was about bringing smiles to people and not a tool to be used in conflict, and he then challenged Jack to a Duel. [18] 
 While he and Crow were surprised by Yuya's mention of them in his short speech before the Duel [19] , it did not end the confrontation between him and his former friends until Shay arrived and presumably ended the situation. [20]  He, Crow, Damon, and Tony raced to join Yuya's Duel with Jack and voiced out his encouragement and support. They simultaneously announced the effect of " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " with Yuya and watched Yuya deal the final blow. Shinji was present to hear from Sora's broadcast about Roget's latest actions as well as Zuzu's status. [21]  He later witnessed Sector Security Headquarters being obscured by green light, and he noted that the symbol of the Topsiders' rule was disappearing. [22] 
 
 Heartland City 
 Shinji aided in the rebuilding of New Domino City and its new merged society. He and  Chojiro Tokumatsu  told the remaining Lancers to leave that work to them go to fight Duel Academy, accompanied by Crow and  Sora . [23] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 When a  massive dragon  opened a dimensional rift in the sky, Shinji wondered if it was connected to the  Dimensional War  the  Lancers  were talking about. [24]  After  Z-ARC 's defeat, Shinji is seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack  with  Damon ,  Tony ,  Amanda ,  Frank ,  Tarren ,  Sam ,  Chojiro , and his lackeys. [25]  He was happy when Yuya won and watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [26]  He was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed  Zuzu 's revival. [27] 
 
 Deck 
 Shinji runs a  " Battlewasp " Deck  that focuses on  swarming  the  field  with  monsters  for  Synchro Summoning . His monsters have  ATK -manipulation and  burn   effects . He compares his monsters to the  Commons  of  New Domino City  and sees them as an example of what the Commons can do if they work together, like wasps.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Battlewasp - Arbalest the Rapidfire  x3 
 Battlewasp - Dart the Hunter 
 Battlewasp - Pin the Bullseye  x3 
 Battlewasp - Twinbow the Attacker 
 Tuner monsters 
 Battlewasp - Sting the Poison Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Battlewasp - Azusa the Ghost Bow 
 Battlewasp - Ballista the Armageddon 
 Battlewasp - Halberd the Charge 
 Battlewasp - Hama the Conquering Bow Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Revival Swarm 
 Summoning Swarm 
 Traps 
 Battlewasp - Nest 
 Bee Formation 
 Urgent Tuning 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Unknown  Topsiders  Duelist 
 68 
 Lose (flashback)
 
 
 Moon Shadow 
 68 
 Win
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 78 - 79 
 Lose
 
 
 Sector Security 
 95 
 Win (with  Crow Hogan ,  Damon Lopez , and  Tony Zomboni )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 59: " Dueling’s Most Wanted " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 68: " Common Cause " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 56: " Synchro Sector " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 57: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 60: " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 61: " Hero's Fall " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 ↑  8.0   8.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 70: " The Gift of Grit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 75: " Shay's Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 78: " Rebel Road " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 79: " Road To Rebellion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 80: " Where the Truth Lies " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 87: " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 91: " Chain Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/Shinji_Weber.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150607152139', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4a/FullShinjiWeber.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150719090443', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/Young_Shinji.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20150809221429']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters