Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Ultimate_Perfect_Great_Moth_(manga)

This page lists cards that are known to exist, but which have not been shown in any  Yu-Gi-Oh!  media.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Manga 
 
 1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 1.1.1   "Dark Knight" and "White Knight" 
 1.1.2   "Zombie" 
 1.1.3   "Blonde Wave" 
 1.1.4   "Ultimate Perfect Great Moth" 
 
 
 1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 
 1.2.1   "Puppet Bishop" and "Puppet Knight" 
 
 
 1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 1.3.1   "Fox Token" 
 
 
 1.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 1.4.1   "Thunder Mountain" and "Rolling Thunder" 
 
 
 
 
 2   Anime 
 
 2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 2.1.1   "The Eye of Timaeus" and "Poison Butterfly" fusion 
 
 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 2.2.1   "Ojamachine Green" and "Ojamachine Black" 
 2.2.2   "Mystic Baby Knight" and "Mystic Baby Magician" 
 2.2.3   "Colorless, Chaos King of Dark World" and "Wicked Rune - Doubt" 
 2.2.4   "Super Fusion God" 
 
 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 2.3.1   "Cosmic Blazar Dragon" 
 
 
 2.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 2.4.1   "Deep Anglerfish" 
 2.4.2   "Deep Anglerfish Jr." 
 2.4.3   "Pink Peach Dragon" 
 2.4.4   "Number C54" 
 2.4.5   "The Closed Eight" 
 2.4.6   "Number 5: Doom Chimera Dragon" 
 
 
 
 
 3   Other 
 
 3.1   "Millennium Thousand-Eyes Virus" 
 
 
 4   References 
 5   See also 
 
 
 Manga 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 "Dark Knight" and "White Knight" 
 Main articles:  Dark Knight  and  White Knight (card) 
 During an explanation of the Types of Magic Users in  Duel Monsters , " Dark Knight " and " White Knight " were listed as examples of  Black Magic  and  White Magic  respectively. [1] 
 
 "Zombie" 
 Main article:  Zombie (card) 
 "Zombie" was a card used by  Katsuya Jonouchi  in the  manga , which was defeated by  Yugi Mutou 's " Blackland Fire Dragon ", causing Jonouchi to take 500  damage , meaning "Zombie" had 1000 attack points.
 However, it is seen in the  Toei anime .
 
 "Blonde Wave" 
 When  Mai  was reciting the cards  Ryuzaki  drew from the top of her  Deck  without looking, one of them was called "Blonde Wave" (ブロンドウェーブ,  Burondo Wēbu ). [2] 
 
 "Ultimate Perfect Great Moth" 
 "Ultimate Perfect Great Moth" was the final form of " Larvae Moth ".  Insector Haga  planned on using it against  Dark Yugi , but it prematurely emerged as " Great Moth ".
 The card has been released in other media, where its English name is " Perfectly Ultimate Great Moth ".
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! R 
 "Puppet Bishop" and "Puppet Knight" 
 These Monster Cards are mentioned in the card text of " Promotion " as cards that can be Summoned with that card's effect by  Tributing  a " Puppet Pawn ". Their names are presumably prefixed by " Puppet " (since all other cards named in the card text are prefixed by Puppet despite not being so on the card text), though they are only referred to as Bishop (ビショップ,  Bishoppu ) and Knight (ナイト,  Naito ) on the card. [3] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 "Fox Token" 
 Main article:  Fox Token (manga) 
 This token is listed in the lore of " Nine-Tailed Fox ", but it was not Summoned.
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 "Thunder Mountain" and "Rolling Thunder" 
 Main articles:  Thunder Mountain  and  Rolling Thunder 
 These two monsters were Summoned, then immediately  Tributed  by  Thunder Spark  for the effect of " Spirit Converter ". They never appear in the frame. [4] 
 
 Anime 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 "The Eye of Timaeus" and "Poison Butterfly" fusion 
 Yami Yugi  attempted to fuse " The Eye of Timaeus " and " Poison Butterfly ", but it did not work, because Yami Yugi had lost  Timaeus 's trust by playing " The Seal of Orichalcos ". [5] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 "Ojamachine Green" and "Ojamachine Black" 
 "Ojamachine Green" (おジャマシーン・グリーン,  Ojamashīn Gurīn ) and "Ojamachine Black" (おジャマシーン・ブラック,  Ojamashīn Burakku ) are mentioned in the  card text  of " Mecha Ojama King ". Nothing is known about them, apart from the fact that they can be  Summoned  by the effect of "Mecha Ojama King". [6] 
 
 "Mystic Baby Knight" and "Mystic Baby Magician" 
 These two monsters are mentioned in the card text of " Mystic Revolution " as  monsters  that can be Tributed for its  cost , and "Mystic Egg" as monsters that can be Summoned by its effect. [7] 
 
 "Colorless, Chaos King of Dark World" and "Wicked Rune - Doubt" 
 Main articles:  Colorless, Chaos King of Dark World  and  Wicked Rune - Doubt 
 Both cards were mentioned by  Brron  during his Duel with  Jaden Yuki . The first card is as a monster that Brron intended to Summon with the effect of " Super Polymerization ". Apart from that it is apparently a  Fusion Monster , nothing is known about it, as Brron failed to complete the " Wicked Canon " to activate "Super Polymerization". The second one has the same  effect  as the other "Wicked Rune" cards. It was supposed to be the final part of completing "Super Polymerization", but wasn't played since Syrus escaped from Brron's minions. [8] 
 
 "Super Fusion God" 
 Main article:  Super Fusion God 
 This Monster Card is mentioned as a monster  Yubel  intends to Summon to unite the twelve  Duel Spirit Dimensions  into one. Yubel uses "Super Polymerization" and " Chain Material " to fuse one monster of each  Level  from 1 to 12 into this monster, but Jaden chains " Spiritual Fusion ", fusing the souls of Yubel and himself instead. [9] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 "Cosmic Blazar Dragon" 
 Main article:  Cosmic Blazar Dragon (anime) 
 This Monster Card was owned by  Yusei Fudo  in an alternate future where  Z-one  didn't interfere. [10]  This card was later  officially released  in the  TCG / OCG .
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 "Deep Anglerfish" 
 Main article:  Deep Anglerfish 
 This card is mentioned on the visual screen of the  Augmented Reality Duel . It is a  WATER   Fish / Effect  monster,  Level  6, ATK 1200, DEF 1400. Its effect is:  When this card is destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, send 1 Fish-Type Monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. Then, you can Special Summon 2 "Deep Anglerfish Jr." from your Deck. [11] 
 
 "Deep Anglerfish Jr." 
 This Monster Card is only mentioned in the card text of "Deep Anglerfish", which has never been seen either. [11] 
 
 "Pink Peach Dragon" 
 Main article:  Pink Peach Dragon 
 This Monster Card is mentioned on the visual screen of the  Augmented Reality Duel . It is a  Dragon / Effect  monster, Level 2, ATK 200, DEF 100. [11] 
 
 "Number C54" 
 Alito  attempted to get  Nistro  to use " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force " on " Number 54: Lion Heart " while the latter is under the former's control, implying "Lion Heart" has a "Number C" form. As Nistro never activated "Barian's Force", this card, whatever it may have been named, was never seen, and possibly never created in the first place.
 
 "The Closed Eight" 
 Main article:  The Closed Eight 
 This card was mentioned in preview shown on  NAS 's official site for  episode 131  of  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . A character named  Alco  would have given the card to  Kite , who would have attempted to pass the card to  Yuma . Ultimately, neither Alco nor this card ever appeared.
 
 "Number 5: Doom Chimera Dragon" 
 Main article:  Number 5: Doom Chimera Dragon (anime) 
 This  Xyz Monster  is only mentioned in the card text of " Number C5: Chaos Chimera Dragon ". It has never appeared in the anime. This card was later  officially released  in the  TCG / OCG .
 
 Other 
 "Millennium Thousand-Eyes Virus" 
 This card was stated by  Kevin Tewart  to be the best card in the game, and that only he possesses it. He has also stated that like the  Upper Deck Entertainment  " The Seal of Orichalcos ", it is not permitted in official tournaments. [12] [13]  The name itself appears to reference  Thousand-Eyes Restrict  and  Crush Card Virus ; two cards which were already considered some of the best at the time.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 3: " Countdown!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 5: " Fate on the High Seas!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! R  Duel Round 19: " Jonouchi... Helpless?! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 14: " Victory Conditions!! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 162: " On the Wrong Track - Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 54: " Champion or Chazz-Been? " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 103: " The Hands of Justice, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 136: " Turning the Page, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode 155: " Return of the Supreme King, Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 149: " The Revived Hero " 
 
 ↑  11.0   11.1   11.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   pojo.biz  What do you think is the best card in the game? 
 
 ↑   pojo.biz  After reading Jae's article/responses. Flaming will be dealt with SEVERELY 
 
 
 See also 
 List of unnamed cards 
 
 
 
Categories: Duel Monsters cards