Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_Imori%27s_Dragon_Cards_game


 
 Dark Yugi and Imori's Dragon Cards game 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Imori's Dragon Cards game 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Dragon Cards [Note 1] Dragon Block [Note 2] Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Dark Yugi Imori 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Dark Yugi 
 
 
 Location 
 Domino High School 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! (first series) 
 
 
 Chapters 
 47: " " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 2) " " 
 
 
 Episodes 
 18: " " In a Forbidden Game - Show Your Hand " " 
 
 
 
 Notes 
 ↑   In the manga. ↑   In the anime. 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Imori's Dragon Cards game  was a game of  Dragon Cards  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga  between  Dark Yugi  and  Imori . In the  first series anime , they play  Dragon Block  instead, although the rules and moves are largely the same.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Manga events 
 
 1.1   Prior events 
 1.2   The game 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Anime events 
 3   References 
 
 
 Manga events 
 Prior events 
 Imori  was aware that  Yugi  gained "powers of darkness" after solving the  Millennium Puzzle . Imori stole the Millennium Puzzle in order to lure Yugi into  a Shadow Game  of  Dragon Cards , hoping to take his place as "guardian of darkness" on winning. Yugi was unable to switch to Dark Yugi without the Millennium Puzzle and Imori had studied the game. These factors led to Imori winning and Yugi's soul being sucked into the  soul-eating jar  to be consumed by the dragons. However as he collapsed onto the table, Yugi touched the Millennium Puzzle, allowing him to change to  Dark Yugi .
 
 The game 
 The players opening hands were:
 
 
 
 Imori
 
 Dark Yugi
 
 
 
 Level 5  water 
 Level 5 water 
 Level 4  fire 
 Level 5  wood 
 Level 4 water 
 Level 4  metal 
 
 
 Level 4  earth 
 Level 1 wood 
 Level 2 water 
 Level 5 metal 
 Level 5 wood 
 Level 2 metal 
 
 A few turns later their hands had become:
 
 
 
 Imori
 
 Dark Yugi
 
 
 
 Level 5 water 
 Level 5 water 
 Level 4 fire 
 Level 4 fire 
 Level 5 wood 
 Level 5 wood 
 
 
 Level 4 earth 
 Level 4 earth 
 Level 2 fire 
 Level 5 wood 
 Level 5 metal 
 Level 4 water 
 
 Imori had three potential sets, being only one card away from completing each of them, while Dark Yugi was further away from completing a hand.
 From watching what he cards Dark Yugi had discarding, Imori deducted that he was trying to get a Level 5 metal dragon and a level 4 earth dragon. Imori soon got a third level 5 water dragon, which he planned on using to beat Dark Yugi's metal dragon and continued to wait for a level 5 wood dragon to beat his earth dragon. Eventually Dark Yugi got his third Level 4 earth dragon and discarded his level 5 wood dragon. This allowed Imori to complete his second set.
 Imori Summoned the level 5 water and level 5 wood dragons, " Shui Long " and " Mu Long ", which grew stronger each turn, while he waited for Dark Yugi to complete his hand. Eventually Dark Yugi gathered and Summoned the Level 4 earth and level 5 metal dragons; " Tu Long " and " Jin Long ".
 Imori created a flood with "Shui Long" in an attempt to rust "Jin Long". However Dark Yugi got "Tu Long" to raise the earth, creating a dam. "Shui Long" used its water to strengthen "Mu Long", who stuck its shoots into "Tu Long" preventing it from moving. With it unable to create another dam, Imori got "Shui Long" to use another flood attack on "Jin Long". However since "Shui Long" had given some of its power to "Mu Long", the attack wasn't strong enough to fully beat "Jin Long". "Jin Long" proceeded to slice up and defeat "Mu Long". It then got hit by another flood, this time destroying it. "Shui Long" used its flood attack on "Tu Long", but Dark Yugi got "Tu Long" to use its ground shatter attack to cause the water and "Shui Long" to fall into cracks in the earth. With Imori's two dragons defeated, Dark Yugi won.
 
 Aftermath 
 For Imori's  Penalty Game , his soul was sucked into the soul-eating jar. Since it could only hold one soul at a time, Yugi's soul was freed. Dark Yugi sealed-up the Dragon Cards and thinking that this game brings disaster hoped that nobody would break the seal again
 
 Anime events 
   This section is  missing information  from from  Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 18 . 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   Duel 47: " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 2) " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   (Toei) episode 18: " In a Forbidden Game - Show Your Hand " 
 v e 
 Dragon Cards / Dragon Block Dragons 
 Huo Long (Fire Dragon) 
 Jin Long (Metal Dragon) 
 Mu Long (Wood Dragon) 
 Shui Long (Water Dragon) 
 Tu Long (Earth Dragon) 
 Items/events 
 Soul-eating jar 
 Yugi and Imori's game 
 Dark Yugi and Imori's game 
 Chapters 
 " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 1) " 
 " The Evil Dragon Cards (Part 2) " 
 Episodes 
 " In a Forbidden Game - Show Your Hand " 
 
 
 Category 
 
 
 v e 
 Manga   games 
 Shadow Game  ( List ) 
 Bluebeard's Attack 
 Roshambo 
 Money and Knife 
 Dice game 
 Silence game 
 One finger BATTLE! 
 Paper Crash! 
 Carnival Games 
 Griddle Ice Hockey 
 Love jigsaw puzzle 
 Dark Puzzle 
 Coin in sneaker 
 Duel Monsters 
 Landmine Search Network 
 Weighing of the Heart 
 Question of Truth 
 Tragoedia's 
 Labyrinth Treasure Hunt 
 Trial of the Mind 
 Hell Quiz 
 Concentration or Death 
 Game of Death 
 Digital Pets  ( battle ) 
 Maze of Fire 
 Capsule Monster Chess 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba I 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba II 
 Virtual VS  ( Yugi VS Street Fighter ) 
 Game of Death 
 Russian Roulette Dinner 
 3D Simulation Ride 
 Death-T 
 Chess  ( Seto VS Gozaburo ) 
 Stardust Shootout 
 Electric Chair Ride 
 bllood puzzle 
 Jonouchi VS Chopman 
 Rhythm Rock 
 Sock Concentration 
 Lovely Two 
 Achievement Test Bingo Game 
 Find the Keyring! 
 The Get the Million Game 
 Darts of Fortune 
 The Electric Helmet 
 The Wheel of Fate 
 Red Paint Lottery 
 Monster Fighter 
 Yugi VS Jonouchi 
 Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Nagumo 
 Standard playing cards 
 Clock solitaire 
 "Time" Cards 
 Dogs and jackals 
 Dragon Cards 
 Yugi VS Imori 
 Dark Yugi VS Imori 
 Super yo-yo 
 Dark Bakura VS Karita 
 Monster World 
 Dark Bakura VS Yugi's group 
 Labyrinth Coin 
 Dice in cup 
 Four Aces 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Yugi VS Ryuji 
 Devil's Board Game 
 Super Dancer 
 Ka battle 
 Room game 
 Mind's Labyrinth 
 Shadow RPG 
 Spherium 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/18/YGO-047_Dragons_summoned.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20101011133852', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Dragon Cards games, Shadow Games