Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Bronk_Stone

"Tetsuo" redirects here. For the  first series anime  character, see  Tetsuo Sasaki .   
 For other versions of this character, see  Bronk Stone (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Bronk Stone 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name (manga) 
 Tetsuo Takeda 
 
 
 English name  (anime) 
 Bronk Stone 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 武田鉄男 
 
 
 
 
 Age 
 13 [1] 
 
 
 Height 
 162 cm [2] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Brianna Stone  (older sister) Tetsumi Stone  (mother) 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Heartland Academy 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       World Duel Carnival   Did not place       Friendship Games   Did not place (with  Rio Kastle )   
 
 
 Team 
 Beauty and the Bronk (English) [3] Steel Tsundere Team (鋼のツンデレチーム  Hagane no Tsundere Chīmu )  [3] 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Gearspring 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  Rank 1: " The Name's Yuma!! " Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL  Chapter 1: " Starting Duel Team ZEXAL!! " 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Sean Schemmel 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Makoto Shimada 
 
 
 Italian voice 
 Luca Bottale 
 
 
 Tagalog voice 
 Pipooh Villavicencio 
 
 
 
 Bronk Stone , known as  Tetsuo Takeda  (武田鉄男,  Takeda Tetsuo ) in the manga and Japanese versions, is one of the main supporting characters in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . He is one of  Yuma Tsukumo 's friends and is a  Duelist . 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Anime biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 2.2.1   Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 2.2.2   World Duel Carnival 
 2.2.3   World Duel Carnival Finals 
 
 
 2.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 2.3.1   Barian Invasion 
 2.3.2   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 
 
 3   Manga biography 
 
 3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 8   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 Bronk's design is quite unique, as he is drawn in a completely different way to the other characters within  ZEXAL . He's usually seen wearing a cap backwards with his hair sticking out of the front and sides. When in his school attire, he sports a red and white shirt, with a red tie which is the same as  Caswell  and  Yuma 's and blue pants strapped with black suspenders which feature round, metal orbs. When in his casual attire, he wears an orange t-shirt with a smiley face on which reveals the bottom of his stomach, much like his school attire does. In the  Heartland Academy  fun fair, he wore a " Gogogo Golem " cosplay.
 
 Personality 
 Bronk is quite a competitive and adamant person who takes pleasure in other people's embarrassment, even if it is his own friends; much like the times when he makes  Yuma  get worked up and challenge events which he can't win, which ends up in Bronk and the other classmates laughing. 
 He is also a strong-willed person who doesn't like to show his emotions, like when he obtained the broken piece of  Yuma's pendant  and said he just "came across it", when  Shark  had clearly kicked it into a small forest near their school (in the English dub, he flatly states that he went looking for it). Despite this, he seems to have friendly rivalry with Yuma, as he tends to be on Yuma's side and though doesn't always believe that he'll be able to turn around his Duels, he supports Yuma most of the time.
 Bronk seems to have an incredibly strong will. When Yuma was possessed by  Number 96 , he used Yuma's " Number 39: Utopia " to save him, and was quickly able to shake off the corrupting effect that strikes most Numbers users via the  Emperor's Key .
 He also developed a crush on  Rio Kastle  not long after meeting her, and this has continued to persist, unlike the initial attractions from the other students. He also shows more control of himself around her as the series progressed.
 
 Etymology 
 The 鉄 ( Tetsu ) in Bronk's Japanese name (Tetsuo) means  Iron , and the 男 ( O ) can be read as  Otoko , which means  man  or  guy . So, his name can be read as "The Iron Guy", mirroring his  Deck  type.
 Bronk's dub name derives from  brownstone , a once-popular building material. It may also be a pun on "Bronx", alluding to the accent Bronk speaks with in the dub, which is similar to  Joey Wheeler 's dub accent.
 
 Anime biography 
 History 
       Young Bronk     
 Bronk originally met  Yuma  after he joined his and  Tori 's class when they were younger. After Yuma claimed that he would be the Dueling champion, Bronk challenged his statement and despite beating him many times, found Yuma never gives up. Yuma has a fiery spirit, therefore Bronk befriended him. [4] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
       A defeated Bronk is helpless against  Shark .     
 One morning whilst  Yuma  was late for school, he ran into Bronk who challenged him to a race. As the two raced, Bronk kicked a  litterbot  into Yuma's path, causing him to fall over. Bronk then drives away, cheering at not only winning the race, but Yuma's downfall. Bronk is later spotted by  Tori  when she and Yuma are wandering around the  Heartland Academy  grounds. She instantly notices that he is Dueling  Reginald Kastle , so the two run up just in time to see Bronk get defeated by the Duelist. Reginald then takes Bronk's Deck as he had put it up as an ante, due to the pressure of Reginald and his friends calling Bronk pathetic for not originally agreeing with the terms. After Yuma defends Bronk, Reginald snaps his  pendant  and throws half of it in the bushes. Yuma went to punch Reginald, but Bronk stopped him as he didn't want him to stoop to his level. The next day, Bronk noticed how depressed Yuma had become without his full pendant, therefore managed to find the second half and gave it to Yuma whilst walking home from school. He then told Yuma to not Duel Reginald, but Yuma argued that he had to for himself, not for Bronk. Bronk then went with Yuma to watch him Duel against Reginald and was shocked at not only Yuma's Dueling, but also at Reginald Summoning " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon " instead of " Submersible Carrier Aero Shark ". [5] 
 
       Bronk and Tori cheering Yuma on.     
 As the Duel continued, Yuma continued to baffle Bronk such as claiming that there was a " Dueling ghost ", telling him what to do. Furthermore, when Yuma Summons " Number 39: Utopia ", Bronk is extra shocked as he had never seen Yuma use such a card and the fact that it was also a " Number ". When Yuma defeated Reginald, Bronk cheered along with Tori as he managed to get his Deck back. [6] 
 After beating Reginald, Bronk was walking home with Yuma and Tori as a virus erupted throughout  Heartland City . Which caused the various technology throughout the city such as traffic lights and vending machines to malfunction. Yuma tried to steal drinks from the vending machines, but was picked up and put inside a malfunctioning litterbot. After arriving at  Yuma's house , the group hear  Kari Tsukumo  scream, to which they all rush to her aid... only to find her sitting in her computer room with a broken computer. The three escape before she took out her anger on them. [7] 
 One morning at school,  Flip , a boy from Bronk's and Tori's elementary school tried to reward Yuma with a " Baby Tiragon " card, which Bronk and Tori kept Yuma from claiming. Bronk told Yuma that it was because Flip was a dark and mischievous person who always causes mayhem. Despite managing to keep Flip away from Yuma at school, they couldn't stop him mailing Yuma the card. After which, Flip began a masterful plan in which singled Yuma out at school, therefore making him alone. Bronk didn't believe that Yuma would do such things, for example, making frogs attack  Spencer . [8] 
 To prove Yuma's innocence, Bronk and Tori set out on finding evidence. Tori manages to see that the images of Yuma had been altered due to blurs around the image edges. They then decide to find Spencer to ask him about the events. After visiting his house and running around school, they manage to locate him and find out that Flip hid him and made him take on an enduring task so that no one would find him in time so that he could Duel Yuma and take his "Utopia". They then run to the mall to see Yuma defeat Flip, and then befriend him. [9] 
 When  Nelson Andrews , the star of "The Sparrow" visited Heartland City, Bronk decides to see if they can see him along with his friends. After managing to sneak into the studios, Yuma manages to cause the destruction of a large portion of the set, notifying the security of them being there, resulting in Bronk and Tori being kicked out. Bronk then wonders where Yuma went after Fuya rescued him in order to give him his Deck back. [10] 
 After Yuma manages to find Nelson and challenges him to a Duel, Tori calls Bronk and  Mrs. Andrews  to go and watch the Duel. After Yuma wins, Bronk celebrates with Tori. On their way home, Tori and Yuma get into an argument, which amused Bronk whilst Reginald looks on in the background. [11] 
 One morning, Bronk is discussing Yuma's current winning streak with Tori and says that Yuma's catchphrase of "I'm Feeling the Flow" is meant more for losing, rather than winning. He is then shocked at the clothes Yuma is wearing when he turns up for school. After Yuma's Duel with  Cathy , he tries to think who Cathy is, but can't remember as she lurks in the background rather than socializing. [12] 
 After Yuma's loss with Shark, Bronk turned his back on Yuma for breaking his promise not to use Numbers, which included not wanting to see Yuma and Shark Duel against  Scorch  and  Chills , though Tori talked him into watching. He was present at Yuma's Duel with Shark and their Duel against Scorch and Chills and forgave Yuma for lying.
 In  episode 13 , he informed Yuma, Tori and  Caswell  of a new Duel plaza that opened up in a neighboring town.
 In  episode 15 , Bronk and Tori informed Yuma of the upcoming  World Duel Carnival  and accompanied Yuma and Tori on his errand to deliver food to  Roku  at the  Duel Sanctuary . Bronk, later joined by Kari and Haru was present at Yuma's Duel against  Kaze , who was under the possession of " Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja ". When Roku handed Yuma the Duel Sanctuary's Secret Deck, Bronk exclaimed that Yuma should beef his first Deck with the Secret Deck to use for the  WDC .
 In  episode 17 , Bronk, Caswell and Tori were discussing to Yuma of different people who were mysteriously hospitalized, and also happened to carry different "Numbers". When Yuma refused to talk, Bronk, Caswell, Tori, Flip and  Cathy  formed the  Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club , a group made to solve the Numbers mystery without the help of Yuma. The only leads the Super Secret Number Cards Investigation Club got was Cathy talking about Yuma talking to  Astral  about Numbers and  Kite Tenjo . The search was useless, until Flip found the devious fortune-teller  Fortuno , who they thought would lead them to what Number cards are. Fortuno kidnapped the Club, except for Cathy, enticing Yuma to Duel Fortuno. Bronk and the Club witness in horror as Fortuno used the powers of " Number 11: Big Eye " and " Number 16: Shock Master " to put Yuma in a pinch. When Yuma and Astral were feeling hope, Bronk and the Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club watched as they saw Astral for the first time and witnessed the Summoning of " Number C39: Utopia Ray ". After Yuma defeated Fortuno, the Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club went to thank Astral for saving them instead of Yuma.
 
         Bronk with " Utopia " challenging  Number 96 .      When Yuma recovered  Number 96 , Bronk complained that Yuma was just attacking recklessly without listening and they got into a fight, and didn't talk for a couple of days. When they ran into each other, Bronk accidentally knocked the Emperor's Key, causing Astral to lose control over Number 96, who took control of Astral and turned Yuma into his puppet. Yuma gave Bronk his "Utopia" so that he can Duel the Wicked Number to rescue him and Astral.
 World Duel Carnival 
 During the day before the  World Duel Carnival , Bronk was the most excited out of his friends to have received a  Heart Piece . He then mocks  Yuma  for thinking that they just give them out as anyone from around the world could enter, which would take forever to carry out. After Yuma runs to  Heartland  to claim a piece, Bronk goes along with him and is shocked at his childish behavior. The night before the tournament, Bronk is seen when Yuma thinks about his friends and their Decks. During the opening ceremonies, Bronk accompanies his friends to see  Mr. Heartland  explain the rules. He then charges off with Flip, leaving the rest of the gang just before  Striker Crossit  challenges Yuma to a Duel. [13] 
 
         Bronk Dueling  Quattro  and  Caswell .     
 During the second day of the World Duel Carnival, Bronk along with Caswell are spotted by Yuma and Tori in a rush. They explain that they had arranged a Duel with  Quattro . Yuma attempts to warn Bronk of how Quattro treated Reginald and  Rio Kastle , but Bronk ignores this. They then arrive at the location which Yuma finds dark and creepy, but Bronk defends Quattro as a celebrity like him would be swamped with attention in public, whereas in a quiet location, they can enjoy the Duel. After getting his  D-Pad  signed by his hero, he along with Caswell and Quattro begin a  Battle Royal . Throughout the Duel, Quattro compliments Bronk and Caswell on their moves, but it all turns out to be a facade. Despite managing to Summon their  signature cards , Quattro manages to perform a  One Turn Kill  on both of them with his " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder ", hurting them in the process. [1] 
 After the Duel, Reginald Kastle appears to Duel Quattro. Bronk takes this opportunity to transport a knocked out Caswell to the  Heartland City Hospital  in order to recover. He tells Yuma to stay and watch the Duel whilst he and Tori take Caswell to the hospital. [14] 
 After a few hours of recovering in the hospital, Bronk returned to Yuma to find out that only he is remaining within the tournament. He then went with Yuma and his friends after Yuma's Heart Piece was stolen by a dog. When managing to locate where the dog had gone, Bronk was shocked when a dog, named  Roscoe  spoke to the gang. After Cathy challenged the dog to a Duel, Bronk watched with one of  Cathy's cats  sat on his head. He was even more shocked when the talking dog was revealed to actually be  Pip , who was hidden in a device on the dogs back. After Pip defeated Cathy, Bronk was happy that everything was back to normal as Yuma claimed his Heart Piece back. [15] 
 He and the rest of his friends greeted Yuma, before finding a weak opponent for Yuma. After finding Flip, everyone watched in amazement the Duel between  Nistro  and  Nelson . [16]  Like the others, he came to support Yuma as he prepared to Duel Trey. [17]  When Yuma lost the will to fight, Bronk expressed his frustration, saying Yuma was the kind of guy who never gave up. [18]  Like the others, he was astonished as he witnessed Astral and Yuma's  ZEXAL Change . [19]  He then accompanied Yuma and his friends to the party prepared for the finalists, and like the others is shocked upon seeing  Vetrix .  [20]  During the day of the semi finals, he along with Yuma's other friends found Yuma sleeping near the entrance gate. After learning Yuma was missing his  Heart Piece  for the Duel coaster, he along with his friends and  Kari  helped to bring the Heart piece to Yuma. [21]  As he and Caswell witnessed the start of Shark and Quattro's Duel, they said to each other that the girls sitting next to them did not know Quattro's true identity. [22] 
 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 After  Yuma  advanced to the finals, like the others he was happy for his friend. When it was revealed that Yuma's  Deck  was still in  Heartland , he,  Tori  and Yuma sneaked into Heartland to try getting it back. [23] . As Yuma and  Shark  Dueled in the finals first match, he and the others wondered what was up with Shark (whom at the moment wasn't putting up too much of a fight). [24]  He and the others were shocked upon witnessing Shark's " Number C ". [25] . Before Yuma's Duel with  Vetrix , he told Yuma that he was representing them as Duelists and to not lose. [26]  After Vetrix took off his mask, the crowd believed it was a cool vision, however Bronk realized immediately that was not the case. [27] Following Vetrix's defeat, he was happy like the others, and was then in shock at witnessing  Heartland Tower  exploded. [28]  After  Dr. Faker 's defeat, he alongside the rest of his friends watched the Duel between Yuma and  Kite . [29] [30] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II 
 
 This section  needs additional citations for verification .   Please help  improve this section  by adding reliable references.   
 Barian Invasion 
 After  Fender  called  Yuma  to Duel for the " Numbers ", Bronk briefly tried to warn Yuma not to come, but was pushed away by Fender. [31]  He cheered for Yuma during his Duel against Fender. [32] 
 He developed a crush on  Rio Kastle  after she returned to school, and was paired with her in the " Friendship Games ." Bronk later was privy to Yuma and  Tori 's discussion about whether  Ray Shadows  had attacked  Alito , and after Ray realized that Yuma was Dueling  Girag  alone, Bronk and Tori took Ray to Yuma and Girag. He witnessed the Duel between the three of them, and was shocked at the  Barian Sphere Cube  and Girag's true form, this being his first time witnessing such a Duel. [33] 
 While on his way to school on his skateboard, a bunch of crossing ducks appeared. He dragged it on the ground to stop friction, which resulted in him being thrown from the board with the ducks safe. After the ducks crossed, Rio saw that Bronk was injured and decided to assist him. She used her handkerchief to cover the wound and then departed. Bronk then developed feelings for Rio. When he arrived at school, he was rubbing the handkerchief beside his face. After everyone else in the Numbers Club dismissed the idea of dating Rio, Ray suggested Bronk Duel Shark in order to get his permission. He went to Shark in order to Duel him but he refused because he claimed that Bronk wouldn't be able to beat him. He instead told him that he get at Yuma's level. After Shark walked away, Bronk was shouting Yuma's name in the air with  Flip  and  Caswell  listening in, with both misunderstanding that Yuma and Rio were together. The next day, Bronk confronted Yuma about him dating Rio. After some more confusion, the Numbers Club and Rio both end up at the tennis court to confront Shark. After Shark decided to be silent as usual, Rio insults him enough to tick off Shark and they begin to Duel. During the Duel, Bronk supported Rio even when she was at a point of losing to Shark. After the Duel the truth was revealed and confusion was still left between them. [34] During the Heartland School Fun Fair, Bronk dressed up as " Gogogo Golem ". He came to Shark and annoyed him by calling him "brother". Shark's irritation prompted Rio to throw her shoe at Shark and tell him to be quiet. [35] 
 Along with the rest of the Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club, Bronk followed Yuma into the Barian world. He helped to ward off the monsters attacking the  Different Dimension Airship  with his " Tin Archduke ". [36] 
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 After  Mr. Heartland  was defeated, the  Seven Barian Emperors  arrived together on  Earth  in front of  Yuma . Yuma was rendered unable to Duel when the Emperor's Key reacted with  Nash 's  Barian Emblem . As the Emperors were about to attack,  Roku  and  Kaze  arrived, pelting the Emperors with smoke bombs. This allowed Yuma's entire group to escape. When other Duelists began to arrive to stall the Emperors, Bronk joined them, confronting  Marin , who he knew as Rio. He insisted she would always be Rio to him. Marin unveiled her " Over-Hundred Number " monster, " Number 103: Ragnazero " and later initiated a  Chaos Draw  alongside the other Emperors. [37]  She proceeded to use " Rank-Up-Magic - The Seventh One " to Summon " Number C103: Ragnafinity ", which defeated Bronk. She acknowledged the feelings he had sent her through the Duel, but considered them little more than a nuisance. As Bronk was sent to the  Barian World , he bemoaned that he couldn't return to Yuma with Rio at his side as he wished. [38] 
 Bronk was revived after Nash was defeated by Yuma, appearing in the middle of the park where he was defeated by Marin. He rushed to the harbor to greet Yuma. [39]  He offered some of his cards to Yuma for his Deck and later watched Yuma's Duel against Astral with his friends.  [40]  After Yuma and Astral's Duel, Bronk returned to his normal life and continued to attend Heartland Academy. [41] 
 
 Manga biography 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Main article:  Tetsuo Takeda (manga) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! D Team ZEXAL 
 Main article:  Tetsuo Takeda (D Team) 
 Deck 
 Bronk plays a  " Gearspring " Deck , which focuses on the manipulation of  Gearspring Counters  through the  effects  of his  Spell  and  Trap Cards  to grant his  Machine - Type   monsters  additional  ATK . He also uses an array of cards to gain an advantage through containing Machine-Type monsters such as " Iron Call " and " Iron Draw ". 
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Aye-Iron 
 Gearspring Spirit 
 Tin Goldfish  x2 
 UFO Turtle Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 39: Utopia [Notes 1] 
 Tin Archduke Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Automatic Gearspring Machine 
 Gearspring Catapult 
 Iron Call 
 Iron Draw 
 Monster Reborn 
 Rush Recklessly 
 Spring Punch 
 Traps 
 Gearspring Exploder [Notes 2] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 
 20 
 
 Win (four times, flashback)
 
 
 Reginald Kastle 
 1 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 11 
 Win (nineteen times; off-screen)
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 11 
 Win
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 12 
 Not shown (off-screen)
 
 
 Number 96  (through  Yuma Tsukumo ) 
 20 
 Win
 
 
 Lillybot 
 21 
 Lose (with  Yuma Tsukumo )
 
 
 Quattro ,  Caswell Francis 
 33 
 Lose
 
 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 60 
 No result (with  Tori Meadows )
 
 
 Caswell Francis 
 74 
 No result
 
 
 Fender 
 74 
 Lose
 
 
 Devon Knox 
 76 
 Lose (with 4 students)
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo  and  Reginald Kastle 
 81 
 Lose (with  Rio Kastle ;  Beach Volleyball Field )
 
 
 Flip Turner  and  Caswell Francis 
 81 
 Win (with  Rio Kastle ;  Hyakin Isshu Field )
 
 
 Tori Meadows  and  Cathy Katherine 
 81 
 Win (with  Rio Kastle ;  Wrestling Field )
 
 
 Marin 
 124 - 125 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Bronk was originally conceptualized as a bully of Yuma's, with  Flip Turner  as one of his underlings. [42] 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 33: " Foolish Fans " : Bronk's  WDC  Profile  Cite error: Invalid  <ref>  tag; name "ep33" defined multiple times with different content 
 
 ↑   Calculated from  "Zexal Height Guide" .  http://41.media.tumblr.com/b2444bcced08050fb52ac592ebb92f0f/tumblr_mt1no4TWqL1sitde3o1_r1_1280.png .   
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 81: " The Friendship Games " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 20: " Roots of the Problem " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 1: " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 2: " Go With the Flow, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 3: " In The End, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 5: " Flipping Out, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 6: " Flipping Out, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 7: " The Sparrow, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 8: " The Sparrow, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 9: " Feline Frenzy " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 26: " Let the Duels Begin! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 34: " Shark Bait " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 39: " Pets Peeved " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 45: " Ruffled Feathers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 47: " Sky's the Limit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 48: " Exit: Astral " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 49: " Crestfallen " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 50: " Party Panic " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 51: " Roller Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 57: " Depths of Darkness " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 60: " Doctor Visit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 61: " Duel of Destiny: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 62: " Duel of Destiny: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 65: " Sphere of Fear: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 66: " Sphere of Fear: Part II " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 67: " Sphere of Fear: Part 3 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 72: " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 73: " Kite's Plight: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 74: " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 75: " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 87: " Dual Duel: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 91: " Take a Chance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 92: " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 95: " The Search for Shadows " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 124: " Battle with the Barians " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 125: " Fight for a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 144: " Last First Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 145: " Outclassed and Outmatched " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 ↑   Duel Art : An Interview with Kazuki Takahashi 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card was present in the Deck in his Duel against  Number 96 . 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  in  episode 20 , but is  destroyed  via the  effect  of  Number 96 's " Xyz Cyclone ". 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 v e 
Bronk Stone ( Tetsuo Takeda ) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Duel Terminal 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e7/Bronk_Stone.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131013015253', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8e/Young_Bronk.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180217040529', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/Shark_and_Bronk.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110416164931', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/Tori_and_Bronk.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110416165119', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d7/Bronk_with_Utopia.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130204194432', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/67/IV_Bronk_Caswell_duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120629130537', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Pages with reference errors, Characters, Articles needing additional references, Bronk Stone pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters