Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/V.S.S.L.

      V.S.S.L.'s facade.     
 V.S.S.L. , short for  Virtual Solid Sense Laboratory , known as  V.S.F.L.  or  Virtual Solid Feel Lab  (バーチャル・ソリッド・フィール・ラボ  Bācharu Soriddo Fīru Rabo ) in the Japanese version, is a  Facility  owned by  Rex Goodwin  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga , which holds underage prisoners. There, Rex,  Lazar  and  Zigzix  performed experiments to test the children in order to secretly create a  Solid Vision  system which could hold the power of a  Duel Dragon . The children were constantly monitored by several cameras spread in the experiment rooms and in their rooms.
 Jack Atlas  and  Kalin Kessler  were once prisoners at this Facility.
 
 History 
       Rex observes the prisoners' performance.     
 During one night, Kalin decided to  Duel  Jack as the two acted completely different to their opponents; Kalin treated them with respect while Jack taunted them for losing. Before the Duel began, Kalin mentions to Jack that whoever wins this Duel will get to leave the Facility and be adopted by Rex Goodwin as his son. Jack doesn't care about being Goodwin's kid and is far more interested in the Duel Dragon card that the Duelist will get for winning. During the Duel, Kalin decided to let Jack win as Kalin didn't want to leave behind the friends he made at the Facility. Jack won the Duel and as a reward, Rex gave him the " Jeweled Red Dragon Archfiend " card. Sometime after Jack left, Kalin overhears a conversation between Goodwin, Lazar and Zigzix. In the conversation, Kalin finds out that Goodwin considers the kids nothing more than guinea pigs and doesn't care if they die during the experiments he has planned for them. Kalin refuses to let Goodwin get away with what he has done and wreaks his plans. After causing an explosion in the facility, Kalin rescues the children and gets them to safety. Afterwards he steals Jack's Duel Dragon card in order to protect him. However Jack believed that Kalin simply stole the card out of jealousy. It wasn't until he defeated Kalin in their second Duel and saw through his memories that he found out the truth. Jack and Kailn later met at the building's ruins for their  Turbo Duel  during the  D1GP . [1] 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  Ride 31: " Jewel Flare Dragon Stardust!! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's   locations Satellite 
 Abandoned amusement park 
 Abandoned factory 
 B.A.D. 
 Bay 
 Crow's hideout 
 Daedalus Bridge 
 Duel Gate 
 Duel Runner scrapyard 
 Factory 
 Martha's house 
 Old Ener-D (Old Momentum) 
 Old Highway 
 Pipeline 
 Port 
 Puzzle Hospital 
 Saiko Island 
 Skeleton Knight's altar 
 Square 
 Thug's lair 
 Yusei's hideout 
 New Domino (Neo Domino) 
 Arcadia Movement building 
 Back alley 
 Bay parking 
 Blister's apartment 
 Bootleg 
 Cafe la Geen 
 Carly's apartment 
 Daimon Area 
 Downtown District 
 Divine Temple (Ark Cradle) 
 Duel Academy 
 Queen's Duel Academy 
 Duel Statue (Duel Shrine) 
 The Facility (Detention Center) 
 Fountain Plaza 
 Game Paradise 
 General Hospital 
 Goodwin Mansion 
 Highway underpass 
 Jack Atlas' penthouse 
 Kaiba Dome (Memorial Circuit) 
 Lazar's hideout 
 Leo and Luna's penthouse 
 Misty's apartment 
 Mountain pass 
 New Ener-D (New Momentum) 
 Outer rim 
 Party Hall 
 Poppo Time 
 Rathie's shop 
 Sector Security building 
 Security storage warehouse 
 Tops 
 Tops Plaza 
 Spirit world 
 Ancient Forest 
 Forest of Pojar 
 Schwank 
 Zeman's castle 
 Incan 
 Earthbound Immortal Shrine 
 Nazca Lines 
 Nazca village 
 Stairway to the Dragon Star (Sky Temple) 
 Satisfaction Town (Crash Town) 
 Mine 
 Nico and West's hideout 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6d/Rex%27s_Facility.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20120521171132', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/71/Rex%27s_Experiences.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20120619182245']
Categories: Locations