Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Konami


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Konami.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 I'm confused. Upperdeck Entertainment won the lawsuit agianst Konami's attempt to take control of the TCG, so whats this whole deal about Konami terminating the contract anyway over a bunch of Champion Packs? This is way too confusing, and I need information. -- Sky Scourge God  22:26, 23 January 2009 (UTC)
 Konami is refusing to deliver product to Upper Deck.  4.159.62.252  22:28, 23 January 2009 (UTC)
 
 So basically Konami is just being difficult right now because they lost the lawsuit? Figures... should've known Konami would do something rash after what happened... so does this mean America will be stripped of all new yugioh cards that were gonna be released in the future? -- Sky Scourge God  22:34, 23 January 2009 (UTC) 
 Before you say anything else, read this:  http://www.icv2.com/articles/news/13988.html .  3-D  00:44, 24 January 2009 (UTC)
 
 I don't see how this is relevent, Vintage was the company at fault for those counterfeits, not UDE. Plus, Konami is attacking UDE for the wrong reasons, I don't even know why they tried to seize control of the TCG in the first place when they knew the contract was still in favor of UDE. I don't know, maybe this stupid economy is affecting them as well and they thought they would make more money by taking control a year early, or maybe they're just pissed off that UDE modifies the game so much in order to remove stuff not kid friendly. Either way, UDE shouldn't be held responsible for another companies actions, and in my opinion Konami is being irrational at this point.-- Sky Scourge God  01:12, 24 January 2009 (UTC) 
 Okay maybe it's because I've read this post on Pojo ( http://www.pojo.biz/board/showpost.php?p=11958186&postcount=1 ), which shows connections between this and UD of America. Besides, the page said the booster packs were authentic. Couldn't do that without UD.  3-D  01:22, 24 January 2009 (UTC)
 
 On the very bottom of the page for your link, the conclusion states that there is not enough evidence to prove that UDE was really responsible for those counterfeit cards. Here is exactly what was said about the issue at hand: 
 IN CLOSING: I just want to clarify that Konami is in no way implying UDE manufactured a bunch of counterfeit cards. The cards at issue here are, 
 Elemental Hero Wingman, Elemental Hero Aqua Neos, Water Dragon, Destiny Hero Dreadmaster, and five McDonald's Promo cards. 
 These cards were (allegedly) manufactured and sold by Upper Deck to Vintage, a company that then dealt with Toys R Us and put these cards into the shops. There were about 500,000 copies of these cards sold. 
 When Konami alleges counterfeiting, it simply means anyone other than they (the true manufacturer) made the card. 
 Nothing has been proven yet, therefore UDE is still not at fault. Vintage could've simply gotten this product from a private distributor or the product could've been pirated. Like the link said, Konami failed to cooperate agianst piraters of the Yu-Gi-Oh product, so chances are good something related to that was involved.-- Sky Scourge God  01:53, 24 January 2009 (UTC)
 
 Anyone looking for more info and some possible answers can look at this sight for reference to the Konami vs. Upperdeck Entertainment deal:  http://entertainment.upperdeck.com/ude/en/articles.aspx?aid=5158  -- Sky Scourge God  02:57, 28 January 2009 (UTC) 
 so will Yu-Gi-Oh still be in the U.S. in like 1 year, because I went to the card shop and they said  Konami  will keep the game out for a year then The whole Card game will all be banned. So Should I Sell My Cards or 
 BY  User:Vanharo 
 
 Wow... I never heard that before. I don't know anything on that kind of subject right now, although I can only assume that that might not happen only because america pays too much money for this stuff, plus there are alot of players that are still willing to spend money. This is of course just my own personal opinion and is in no way shape or form an official statement, but lets pray that nothing like that happens...-- Sky Scourge God  01:34, 11 February 2009 (UTC)
 
 SO If konami win yugioh will be continued, and if UDE wins yugioh will not exist is that true?  Vanhro 
 Konami officially takes complete control 
 Well people, this is for real. Upperdeck has finally lost all distribution privileges and Konami has full control over the entire game. Here are statements from both Upperdeck and Konami:
 http://www.yugioh-card.com/en/news/news06.html 
 http://entertainment.upperdeck.com/ude/en/articles.aspx?aid=5303 
 -- Sky Scourge God  21:36, 5 March 2009 (UTC)
 
I'm worried a lot that Konami will be such a butthurt (being angry for not achieving a goal of theirs the way they wanted [or not achieving it at all]) that it will stop giving new releases worldwide and will keep themselves exclusive to the what was originally known as (unless still existent) OCG. Let's hope Konami gets rational and chooses to be equitative with their occidental consumers.
 
 All your Yu-Gi-Oh are belong to us. -Konami
 
I'm working on updating this page, but the references are taking forever...  give me time, okay?-- Starwefter  09:08, 25 August 2009 (UTC)
 Got the updating done.  (Whew!)  I'm not sure if the Eye of Anubis hologram mark image falls under fair use or not, or if the Wikia has one that has copyright clearance.  If someone knows where to obtain a better (copyright clear) image, please feel free to replace this one, or if it seems to be in possible conflict with copyright, go ahead and delete it.  I thought it helped explain what was being disputed, but I don't think it is absolutely necessary to the article.
 Upper Deck is arguing that the little square Eye of Anubis mark in the corner of the cards is associated with Upper Deck, not with Yugioh.  However they have not actually trademarked it with the U.S. Patent and Trademark office, and it is probable that it could not be trademarked, at least not as a single image, though possibly as two separate ones (one for each half of the holograph).  They filed for a state trademark registration in Nevada and filed the case against Konami for trademark infringement based on this, in response to the court upholding Konami's termination of their contract.
-- Starwefter  00:43, 30 August 2009 (UTC)
 
 Page Split 
 The lawsuit should have its own page. What would be the best name for it, though? Konami vs. Upper Deck Entertainment sound okay? -- Golden Key  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:03, March 12, 2012 (UTC)
 
 Takeover Near Complete. 
 I think we should refer to the joint lawsuit with NAS and TV Tokyo regarding the 4Kids lawsuit. The outcome is official; Konami now owns the anime franchise too. That means they have full control over Yu-Gi-Oh now. As for what they'll do with the english version...well IDK. If they were smart they'd let FUNimation re-dub ZeXal at least. But that's not important. What is is their victory over 4Kids.
 92.21.237.171  ( talk ) 17:58, July 5, 2012 (UTC)
 
 I've been meaning to make a page detailing that for months, the way there is one for  Konami v. Upper Deck . Someone else can go ahead and make it, I don't really know all the details. -- Golden Key  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:01, July 5, 2012 (UTC) 
 I'm just hoping they keep some of the voice actors that 4Kids used, like Tori, Bronk and Yuma. As for who's voice I'd like to have changed, probably Flip, I see him with something more like Weevil. Anyone else?  Rocket.knight.777  ( talk  •  contribs ) 20:12, August 11, 2012 (UTC)
 
 
 
 
Categories: