Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Summon_chant


 
 Summon chant 
 

In various incarnations of  Yu-Gi-Oh!  franchise, most notably starting with the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime, characters will recite a  chant  while Summoning a powerful monster.
 While most chants are unique or almost unique between specific monsters, a few series of cards are shown to use nearly identical chants (sometimes with the name of the monster being the only change), such as the  Dark Synchro Monsters .
 For the first season of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  English dub, the chants of the main protagonists when  Synchro Summoning  were removed in favor of catchphrases like "Let's rev it up!", with a few chants in some episodes. During Season 2, chants began to be used more often.
 The chants for each given character tend to have a common theme that reflects their personality. 
 NOTE:   If you can locate the Japanese characters and romanizations for the chants, that would be much appreciated by those who prefer them over the English translations. That is not to say the translations should be removed, but rather the characters/romanizations should be provided for those who want them. 
 SIDE NOTE:   Toonzaki has official subtitles of the episodes. If it is possible, please copy their versions of the chants as separate examples for those who prefer them over the fan translations. That is not to say the fan translations should be replaced with the official ones, but rather both translations should be provided for those who want either or. 
 SIDE NOTE:   For summon chants originating from  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links , please refer to the respective character pages. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Chants Before 5D's 
 
 1.1   Seto Kaiba 
 1.2   Paradox Brothers 
 1.3   Marik Ishtar 
 1.4   Pharaoh Atem 
 1.5   Yugi Muto 
 1.6   Aigami 
 1.7   Odion 
 1.8   Franz 
 1.9   Jaden Yuki 
 1.10   Chazz Princeton 
 1.11   Jesse Anderson 
 
 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 4   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 5   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 6   Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 
 6.1   Dark Kuroda 
 6.2   Shoma Yusa 
 
 
 7   Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 8   Yu-Gi-Oh! GO RUSH!! 
 9   Other 
 
 9.1   Yusei Fudo 
 9.2   Jack Atlas 
 9.3   Varis 
 
 
 10   Trivia 
 11   References 
 
 
 Chants Before 5D's 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  ( ARC-V Tag Force Special )
 "My pride and my soul, my  Blue-Eyes White Dragon !"
 Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon  ( Pyramid of Light , Japanese Version) 
 "My shining dragon, decimator of all, which can only be summoned through my ultimate monster! Appear before me!  Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon !"
 Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon  (Japanese Version) 
 「進化した最強ドラゴンの姿、その眼に焼き付けるがいい！融合召喚！いま こそ 現れろ ! ネオ・ブルーアイズ・アルティメットドラゴン !
 ”Shinka shita saikyō doragon no sugata, sono me ni yakitsukeruga ī! Yūgō shōkan!! Ima koso arawarero! Neo Burūaizu Arutimetto Doragon!”
 "Feast your eyes on the most powerful of all dragons, in its fully evolved glory! Fusion Summon! Show yourself,  Neo Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon !"
 Deep-Eyes White Dragon  (Japanese Version)
 「無窮の時、その始源始原に秘められし白い力よ！鳴り交わす魂の響きに震う羽根を広げ、蒼の深淵より出でよ！ ディープアイズ・ホワイト・ドラゴン！」
 "Mukyū no toki, sono shigen ni himerareshi shiroi chikara yo! Nari kawasu tamashī no hibiki ni furuu hane o hiroge, ao no shin'en yori ideyo! Dīpuaizu howaito doragon!"
 "Infinite time, Oh white strength hidden within its origin, spread your wings in the echo of intersecting souls, and come forth from the blue abyss! Come forth, Deep-Eyes White Dragon!"
 "Watch as the relentless arrives from the far reaches of light and space, seeking vengeance! Witness  Deep-Eyes White Dragon !
 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Gate Guardian 
 "Elements of  Thunder, Water, and Wind.  Suijin ,  Sanga ,  Kazejin  begin. Meld your powers in eternal light. Show these fools your unstoppable might. He is pain beyond description. He'll mark the graves with your inscription.  Gate Guardian !"
 
 Marik Ishtar 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 "空の大獣、私の叫びを聞いてください。光のオーブから自分を変身させ、この戦いで私に勝利をもたらします。あなたの輝きで砂漠を包み込み、私の敵にあなたの怒りを投げかけなさい。一緒に勝つことができるように、あなたの力を奥深くから解き放ちます。このシャドウゲームに登場するのは、あなたの名前、ラの翼のあるドラゴンです!''
 "Sora no dai kemono, watashi no sakebi o kiite kudasai. Hikari no ōbu kara jibun o henshin sa se, kono tatakai de watashi ni shōri o motarashimasu. Anata no kagayaki de sabaku o tsutsumikomi, watashi no teki ni anata no ikari o nagekake nasai. Issho ni katsu koto ga dekiru yō ni, anata no chikara o okufukaku kara tokihanachimasu. Kono shadougēmu ni tōjō suru no wa, anata no namae, ra no tsubasa no aru doragondesu!''
 "Great beast of the sky, please hear my cry. Transform thyself from orb of light and bring me victory in this fight. Envelop the desert with your glow and cast your rage upon my foe. Unlock your powers from deep within so that together we may win. Appear in this Shadow Game as I call out your name,  Winged Dragon of Ra !"
 (Duel Links) "Behold my great beast! Rise from the ashes as an immortal phoenix!  The Winged Dragon of Ra !"
 
 Pharaoh Atem 
 Obelisk the Tormetor  (with  Aknamkanon )
 (Dubbed) "Legendary gods of Egypt, please hear my call! In the name of every Pharaoh that came before, I now beseech thee! (Aknamkanon) Awaken, mighty Obelisk, and rid the sacred palace of this darkness. (Atem) I summon  Obelisk the Tormentor "
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 (Dubbed) "Almighty protector of the sun and sky, I beg of thee, please heed my cry. Transform thyself from orb of light and bring me victory in this fight. I beseech thee, grace our humble game. But first I shall...call out thy name,  Winged Dragon of Ra !"
 Black Luster Soldier  (as  Yami Yugi )
 「ひとつの魂は光を誘い、ひとつの魂は闇を導く！やがて光と闇の魂はカオスの光を創り出す！カオスソルジャー降臨！」
 "Hitotsu no tamashī wa hikari o sasoi, hitotsu no tamashī wa yami o michibiku! Yagate hikari to yami no tamashī wa kaosu no hikari o tsukuridasu! Kaosu Sorujā kōrin!"
 "One soul shall merge with light! The other soul shall merge with the darkness! Between light and darkness, the gate to chaos is opened! The Chaos Soldier ( Black Luster Soldier ) descends!"
 
 Magician of Black Chaos   (as Yami Yugi)
 (vs.  Maximillion Pegasus , Japanese version) "The Great Magician of Black Magic -  Magician of Black Chaos  Descends! The Ritual of Black Magic Chaos! The Magician born from chaos, the fusion of light and darkness! Controller of insanity! The master of all magicians!"
 (vs.  Noah , Japanese version) 「我が生け贄よ、儀式の糧とし、暗黒の混沌よりその姿を現せ！マジシャン・オブ・ブラックカオス！！」
 "Waga ikenie yo, gishiki no kate to shi, ankoku no konton yori sono sugata o arawase! Majishan Obu burakkukaosu!!"
 "Become the wind that bears this ceremony, my honorable sacrifice. The heir to chaos, born from the deep darkness...Show your true form before us! Magician of Black Chaos!"
 
 Yugi Muto 
 Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition  (Japanese Version) 
 「黒金の暴竜よ！現世の狭間を閉ざす鎖錠を破り、我が敵に滅びをもたらせ！現れろ！破滅竜ガンドラ X ！」
 "Kurogane no bōryū yo! gense no hazama o tozasu sajō o yaburi, waga teki ni horobi o motarase! HametsuRyū Gandora X!"
 "Roaring dragon of black-steel! Shatter the lock that encloses the boundaries of the mortal plane and bring forth destruction to all my enemies! Come forth,  Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition !"
 "Break free from your iron prison,  Gandora-X the Dragon of Demolition !"
 
 Aigami 
 Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor 
 (Japanese Version) 「紡ぎし光よ、漆黒の闇よ！世界をあるべき姿に戻すべく、新たなる未来の扉を開け！出でよ！方界超帝インディオラ・デス・ ボルト！」
 "Tsumugishi hikari yo, shikkoku no yami yo! Sekai o arubeki sugata ni modosu beku, aratanaru mirai no tobira o hirake! Ideyo! Hōkai chō tei Indiora Desu Boruto!"
 "(Japanese Version) Wretched light, pitch-black darkness! Open the door to a new future in order to return the world to its destined state! Come forth,  Indiora Death Volt the Direction World Super Emperor !"
 Crimson Nova Trinity, the Dark Cubic Lord 
 (Japanese Version) 「邪悪なる意識よ集え！世界を光なき絶望へと導くために、今こそ漆黒の闇から降臨せよ！《暗黒方界邪神クリムゾン・ノヴァ・トリニティ》！」
 "Jaakunaru ishiki yo tsudoe! Sekai o hikari naki zetsubō e to michibiku tame ni, ima koso shikkoku no yami kara kōrin seyo! “Ankoku Hōkai Jashin Kurimuzon Nova Toriniti"
 "Collection of wicked consciousness! In order to lead this world into a despair without light, descend now from the pitch-black darkness! Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Direction World Wicked God!"
 "I channel all the hatred of the shadows with my  Millennium Ring  to fuse my three  Crimson Novas  into the ultimate fiend of despair!  Crimson Nova Trinity the Dark Cubic Lord !"
 
 Odion 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra  (anime)
 「我が命の片割れと共に捧ぐ！聖なる櫃に眠りし神の魂よ！今その姿と共に蘇れ！出でよ！ラーの翼神竜！！」
 "Waga inochi no kataware to tomoni sasagu! Seinaru hitsu ni nemurishi kami no tamashī yo! Ima sono sugata to tomoni yomigaere! Ideyo! Rā no yokushinryū!!"
 "I give up a piece of my life! O soul of the god that sleeps in the chest! Revive along with your appearance! Come forth! The  Winged Dragon of Ra !"
 
 Franz 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 "Great Beast of the sky, Please hear my cry, Appear in this  Shadow Game  when I call your name, come forth  Winged Dragon of Ra !"
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Elemental Hero Storm Neos 
 「３つの力が１つとなった時、遥か大宇宙の彼方から、最強の戦士を呼び覚ます！トリプルコンタクト融合！銀河の渦の中より現れよ！《Ｅ・ＨＥＲＯ ストーム・ネオス》！」
 "Mittsu no Chikara ga Hitotsu tonatta Toki, Haruka Daiuchuu no Kanata kara, Saikyou no Senshi o Yobisamasu! Toripuru Kontakuto Yuugou! Ginga no Uzu no Naka yori Arawareyo! Erementaru Hiiroo Sutoomu Neosu!
 "At this time, the power of 3 becomes 1... from a faraway universe on the other side, the strongest warrior awakens! Triple Contact Fusion! Appear from the depths of the spinning galaxy!  Elemental HERO Storm Neos !"
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Light and Darkness Dragon ( Manga ) 
 光と闇の狭間から現れろ！ 光と闇の竜 召喚！
 Hikari to yami no hazama kara arawarero! RaitoAndoDākunesu Doragon shōkan!
 Appear from the rift between light and darkness!  Light and Darkness Dragon  Summoned!
 
 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Rainbow Dragon 
 「七体の宝玉獣がそろた時、世界をつなぎを光わこの地に蘇る! 見ろ! 宝玉獣の奇跡! 蘇る! 究極宝玉神 レインボー・ドラゴン!」
 "Nana-tai no hōgyoku-jū ga sorota toki, sekai o tsunagi o hikari wa kono ji ni yomigaeru! Miro! Hōgyoku-jū no kiseki! Yomigaeru! Kyūkyoku hōgyoku-shin Reinbō Doragon!"
 (Fan subtitles) "When the seven Gem Beasts are all together, the light tied to the world revives on this Earth! Behold! The miracle of the Gem Beasts! Be revived! The Ultimate Gem Beast - Rainbow Dragon!"
 (Crunchyroll subtitles) "When all seven Crystal Beasts are together, the light that ties the world together is reborn, here and now! Behold, the miracle of the Crystal Beasts! Be reborn! The Ultimate Crystal Beast - Rainbow Dragon!"
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh 5D's 
 Main article:  Summon chants in Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Main article:  Summon chants in Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Main article:  Summon chants in Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Main article:  Summon chants in Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures 
 Dark Kuroda 
 Pirmathmech Alembertian 
 "Oh operator of arithmetic made of lies!! Crush the mindless fool before me with your electromagnetic waves!!  Mathmech Editor D'Alembertian  Xyz Summoned!!"
 Geomathmech Magma 
 "Oh " Mathmech " Knight with a red-hot blazing sword at the ready!! Exterminate my foes with that blade clad in flames!!  Mathmech Processor Magma  Synchro Summoned!!"
 Geomathmech Final Sigma 
 "The highest "Mathmech" knight, who wields the crimson dyed sword!! Conquer the flames and destroy my foes with your blade!!  Mathmech Processor Final Sigma !!"
 
 Shoma Yusa 
 Immortal Phoenix Gearfried 
 "Oh warrior who flows with the power of fire! And whose body carries the flames of the phoenix! Now, blazing inferno, ascend to godhood!  Immortal Phoenix Gearfried  Special Summon!!"
 "Warrior wrapped in the prye's power, body burned with the phoenix's blaze, Stand again as a god of flame in this hour!! Rise from your grave!! Immortal Phoenix Gearfried!!
 Mekk-Knight Crusadia Avramax 
 "O stalwart bound with starlight!! Link that light and join this fight!!  Mekk-Knight Crusadia Avramax !!"
 Infinitrack Earth Slicer 
 "Crush the Earth with infinite horse-power!! Xyz Summon!! Rank 9  Infinitrack Earth Slicer !!"
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 Main article:  Summon chants in Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GO RUSH!! 
 Main article:  Summon chants in Yu-Gi-Oh! GO RUSH!! 
 Other 
 Summon chants that debuted in official live events or commercials 
 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Stardust Warrior  ( Structure Deck: Synchron Extreme  commercial)
 「集いし力が拳に宿り、鋼を砕く意思と化す！光さす道となれ！アクセルシンクロ！現れろ、スターダスト・ウォリアー」！
 "Tsudoishi chikara ga kobushi ni yadori, hagane o kudaku ishi to kasu! Hikari sasu michi tonare! Akuseru Shinkuro! Arawarero, Sutādusuto Woriā!"
 "Gathering power that dwells inside my fist, transform into a will that can shatter even steel! Become the path its light shines upon! Accel Synchro! Appear,  Stardust Warrior !"
 Shooting Star Dragon T.G. EX  (Jump Festa 2020's Duel Opera)
 「集いし絆が、仲間の魂と重なり合う。照らし出せ！俺たちの未来のその先を！！アァァクセルシンクロォォォ！！！！これは俺の新たな力だ！！カモン！！シューティング・スター・ドラゴン・」
 (romaji) "Tsudoishi kizuna ga, nakama no tamashī to kazanariau. Terashi dase! Oretachi no mirai no sono saki o!! Aaakuseru Shinkuroooo!!!! Kore ga ore no aratana chikara da!! Kamon!! Shūtingu Sutā Doragon Tekkujīnasu - Ekusupanshon!!!!"
 "Gathering bonds, overlay with the soul of a  friend . Light up! Beyond our future!! Accel Synchro!!!! This is my new power!! Come on!! Shooting Star Dragon Tech Genus - Expansion!!!!"
 Shooting Majestic Star Dragon  ( Dawn of Majesty  commercial)
 「集いし思いが輝く奇跡を呼び起こす！光さす道となれ！シンクロ召喚！光来せよ、《シューティング・セイヴァー・スター・ドラゴン》！」
 (romaji) "Tsudoishi omoi ga kagayaku kiseki o yobiokosu! Hikari sasu michi to nare! Shinkuro Shoukan! Kouraiseyo, Shūtingu Seivā Sutā Doragon!"
 (Fan subtitles) "Gathering desires will awaken a shining miracle! Become the path its light shines upon! Synchro Summon! Arrive in light,  Shooting Savior Star Dragon !"
 
 Jack Atlas 
 Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode  ( Crimson Crisis  commercial)
 「灼熱の鎧を身にまとい、王者ここに降臨！出でよ！レッド・デーモンズ・ドラゴン／バスター！」
 "Shakunetsu no yoroi o mi ni matoi, ōja koko ni kōrin! Ideyo! Reddo Dēmonzu Doragon Surasshu Basutā!"
 "Covered in a blazing armor, the king descends here! Come forth!  Red Demon's Dragon/Buster !"
 Red Supernova Dragon  ( Jump Festa  2020's Duel Opera)
 「王を迎えるは三賢人。紅き星は滅びず、ただ愚者を滅するのみ！荒ぶる魂よ、天地開闢の時を刻め！シンクロ召喚！出でよ、新たな我が力！スカーレッド・スーパーノヴァ・ドラゴン！」
 ">Ō to mukaeru wa sankenjin. Akaki hoshi wa horobizu, tada gusha o messuru nomi! Araburu tamashī yo, tenchikaibyaku no toki o kizame! Shinkuro Shōkan! Ideyo, aratana waga chikara! Sukāreddo Sūpānova Doragon!"
 "The three sages welcome the King. The  Red Star  won't die, only the fool will be crushed! Savage soul, mark the time of the creation of the heavens and earth! Synchro Summon! Come forth, my new power!  Scar-Red Supernova Dragon !"
 
 Varis 
 Borrelcode Dragon  ( Burst of Destiny  commercial)
 「閉ざされし世界を導く我が暴風！リンク召喚！ 現れろ！リンク3！「ヴァレルコード・ドラゴン」！！」
 (romaji) Tozasa reshi sekai o michibiku waga bōfū! Rinku shōkan! Arawarero! Rinku 3! `Vu~arerukōdo doragon'!!
 "My storm that guides through the closed world! Link Summon! Appear now! Link 3!  Borrelcode Dragon !"
 
 Trivia 
 Currently, only 8 Synchro Monsters have been Summoned without chants; " Goyo Guardian ", " Iron Chain Dragon ", " Dark Strike Fighter ", " Armory Arm ", " Turbo Cannon ", " Stygian Sergeants ", " X-Saber Wayne ", and " D/D/D Gust High King Executive Alexander ". 
 For the animation of most Summon chants from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Tag Force 4 ,  5 , and  6 , most characters close their eyes and put their fist on their chest/heart, then open their eyes and raise their palm of their hand skyward. 
 When announcing the Summon Type in the Japanese anime, the Duelist simply states the Summoning Type, but in the English version, they declare "I (Type) Summon!" This is changed in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V , where the Duelists sometimes use the Japanese format in declaring the Summon name. 
 References 
 
 
 v e 
Lists of move names and summon chants Attack and effect names 
 Duel Monsters 
 GX 
 5D's 
 ZEXAL 
 ARC-V 
 VRAINS 
 SEVENS 
 Films 
 Summon chants 
 Duel Monsters  and  GX 
 5D's 
 ZEXAL 
 ARC-V 
 VRAINS 
 SEVENS 
 
 See also:  Signature move 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Sayings