Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Water_Dragon_Deck


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Chemical 
 
 
 
 
 " Carboneddon " 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Spell Ruler Pharaoh's Servant Elemental Energy Structure Deck: Dinosaur's Rage 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Starter Deck: Kaiba Evolution Dark Beginning 1 Mattel Action Figure promotional cards: Series 2 Champion Pack: Game Four Dark Revelation Volume 4 Retro Pack Dark Legends Legendary Collection 2: The Duel Academy Years Mega Pack Dragons of Legend Speed Duel GX: Duel Academy Box 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Magic Ruler (Japanese) Duelist Legacy Volume.1 Beginner's Edition 1 Expert Edition Volume 4 Collectors Pack: Duelist of Legend Version Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 
 
 
 
 
 China-Only Sets 
 
 
 Starter Pack Volume 1 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters Yu-Gi-Oh! (Duel Monsters) GX 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 
 Chemical  is a small  series  of cards named after and formed from things like elements and minerals, like hydrogen. The trump card of this series is " Water Dragon ". They were used by  Bastion Misawa  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime, though one member of this series (" Hyozanryu ") was first used by  Seto Kaiba  in the  second series anime . All  monsters  in this series are  Dinosaur  and  Sea Serpent   Effect Monsters , except for the  Dragon   Normal Monster  "Hyozanryu".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 
 1.1   Monster 
 1.2   Spell/Trap 
 
 
 2   Utilizing Water Dragon 
 3   Advantages 
 4   Disadvantages 
 5   Recommended cards 
 
 
 Members 
 Monster 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Carboneddon 
 Carbon 
 
 
 Duoterion 
 Deuterium 
 
 
 Hydrogeddon 
 Hydrogen 
 
 
 Hyozanryu 
 Diamond 
 
 
 Oxygeddon 
 Oxygen 
 
 
 Water Dragon 
 Water 
 
 
 Water Dragon Cluster 
 Water cluster 
 
 Spell/Trap 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Bonding - D2O 
 Heavy water 
 
 
 Bonding - DHO 
 Semiheavy water 
 
 
 Bonding - H2O 
 Water 
 
 Utilizing Water Dragon 
 While Water Dragon has potential in a lot of decks, it should be used to full effect for its ATK reducing ability. Note that, due to its habit of affecting your own monsters as well, cards such as  DNA Surgery  and  DNA Transplant  should be avoided, otherwise it would render the entire deck pointless (Water Dragon would reduce your own monsters' ATK to 0 as well, making monsters on both sides of the field unable to destroy anything by battle, which has some use however as  Stall ).
 While Water Dragon itself has quite an impressive array of statistics and effects, the same cannot be said about its two/three "components". While  Hydrogeddon  can search out copies of itself by destroying opposing monsters, there is a limit to how many it can search out (namely, you can only include a maximum of 3). Therefore, it might be wise to include  Pot of Avarice  to help replenish them after the first or second Summoning of Water Dragon.  Aqua Chorus  and  Symbol of Heritage  can immensely help, as you will likely try to swarm the field with these cards, and Symbol of Heritage can also serve to Special Summon them should Pot of Avarice not be an option to you.  Miracle Jurassic Egg  and  Babycerasaurus  can also assist in searching out Hydrogeddon and  Oxygeddon , as they're both Dinosaur-type monsters.
 Water Dragon's second effect allows it to Summon back the monsters used for its Summon. Thus, you only need to return  Bonding - H2O  to your hand to re-Summon it. In addition, Water Dragon can be Special Summoned from your graveyard as well. Therefore,  Spell Reclamation  will be a worthy card, to prolong the life of your Water Dragon. A few protection cards are also suggested, such as  Waboku  and  Negate Attack , to ensure your monsters survive the remainder of your opponent's turn. Also, this can be very useful for many duelists, especially since only one Water Dragon is needed in a deck, freeing up space for other cards (which can also be filled with deck-thinners to speed up the process as well). 
 Because Water Dragon's effect can only affect monsters face-up, it will be wise to include  Light of Intervention . This card serves two purposes: to allow Water Dragon's effect to go through, and to eliminate any nasty surprises your opponent will inevitably plan. However, this can be a double-edged sword, as some decks rely on face-up, defense-position monsters. Despite that, Light of Intervention is needed if you wish to use  Scroll of Bewitchment , which can immensely help, as it can change the Attribute of any monster you equip to. It should go without saying that this can help you to get rid of a particularly powerful opponent when you declare "FIRE". As it only affects the target monster, it wont cause Water Dragon's effect to go out of control.  Fairy of the Spring  can also help return a few Scrolls of Bewitchment (Since you will only use one per turn and it will be destroyed before the battle phase ends, so the drawback of Fairy of the Springs is non-existent). 
 Because of Water Dragon's considerably high ATK, you should focus on attacking monsters whose ATK is reduced to 0 by its effects, as it would effectively allow Water Dragon to attack directly. With its impressive 2800 ATK, this should allow you to win after about 3 attacks. Cards that can help this out are the three aforementioned cards (you can include up to 3 scrolls and 3 Fairies of the Spring, giving you a total of 6 chances at a FIRE monster.),  Volcanic Queen  and  Lava Golem , and  Final Attack Orders  to ensure your opponent's monsters stay in ATK mode. Lava Golem can be especially devastating in this respect, as you can simply leave it on the field to torment your opponent.  Mask of Restrict  can also come in handy, as you have no tribute monsters in your deck, forcing your opponent to attack your monsters if they wish to get rid of Lava Golem. 
 In Addition, Lava Golem and Volcanic Queen can help rid the field of annoying/powerful opposing monsters, as they use the opponent's monsters as tribute. Lava Golem, in particular, is extremely useful as it can control your opponent's monsters if they swarm the field and can be used in the aforementioned way to torture your opponent. Volcanic Queen, on the other hand, can be used to quickly get rid of singular threats, such as  Yubel . However, it runs the risk of your opponent turning its effect on you, by sacrificing a card to do damage to your lifepoints, so it's best to destroy it with Water Dragon as soon as possible.
 Because this deck focuses on destroying opposing FIRE monsters,  Royal Decree  should be included to prevent your opponent from springing the ever-popular  Sakuretsu Armor  on your dragon.
 You can try having  Des Counterblow  on the field and attacking your opponent directly with Water Dragon to Summon 2 Hydrogeddon and 1 Oxygeddon and attack directly with those for a total of 7800 damage. Usually, by the time you get a field like that, your opponent should have lost at least 200 LP already
 The Main point of this deck is to inflict massive damage with Water Dragon through attacking FIRE or Pyro-type monsters. However, due to Water Dragon having 2800 ATK, most equip cards are somewhat useless, as are field cards. This is mainly due to the fact that you still need 3 attacks to claim a victory and, unless you can boost Water Dragon's ATK beyond 4000, it will always take 3 hits. Megamorph is not recommended, as it will halve Water Dragon's ATK after the first attack.  Twin Swords of Flashing Light - Tryce , on the other hand, can help. If you can get 2 FIRE monsters, or a single FIRE monster and no other monsters on your opponent's field, Twin Swords of Flashing Light can greatly cut your efforts (While it lowers Water Dragon's ATK to 2300, it will allow it to attack twice, bringing the grand total up to 4600 damage per turn.)
 Another good strategy would be to use  Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude 's effect to throw out Bonding H2O and Summon Water Dragon with out having to send Hydrogeddon and Oxygeddon from the field.
 
 Advantages 
 Due to the Special Summoning nature of this deck, you can include Mask of Restrict to considerably hamper the efforts of your opponent, as many decks rely on Tribute Summoning their top cards (this is especially true for Monarch Decks, which will be rendered useless due to this). As well, because of the focus on attacking FIRE monsters (whose ATKs will be reduced to 0), this deck can completely bypass stalling monsters, such as  Marshmallon , and allow Water Dragon to make a pseudo-direct attack. 
 Note that while Water Dragon's effect would theoretically make it devastating against Volcanic Decks, keep in mind that Volcanic Decks are aimed at monster destruction, so Water Dragon's flexible revival might not be able to keep up. However, given you only need about 3 attacks with Water Dragon to win the duel, it is debatable which is better. However, you can tip the scales in your favor by including a few  Dust Tornadoes , as  Blaze Accelerator  is a continuous spell card and, therefore, requires being on the field after activation to be used. You can also use one of the  Lightsworns  to try and get Water Dragon in the Graveyard, assuming you have everything you need in your hand.
 
 Disadvantages 
 The main difficulty of this deck is getting Hydrogeddon and Oxygeddon onto the field. You also need to have Bonding H2O in your hand. This can be avoided by using  Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude 's effect and cards that place it at the top of the deck. While high-drawing cards can help, as well as  Double Summon , it can be annoying since your opponent will more than likely be tempted to use Lightning Vortex against your monsters. Also, getting the specific cards into your hand and on the field will be difficult and, considering Water Dragon itself is a dead draw, you should include a few  Magical Mallets  to put back the cards you don't need and try to get the ones you do. 
 Another drawback is the limitations of Water Dragon's effect to Special Summon its components. While it will activate should Water Dragon be destroyed by any means, it will not if Water Dragon is returned to your hand (which will effectively set you back to square one).  Hence Light of Intervention and Solemn Judgment might help. In the same vein, this deck is also weak against Macro Cosmos Decks, as they can simply remove Hydrogeddon and Oxygeddon from play, crippling this deck's usefulness.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Hyozanryu 
 Effect Monsters 
 Carboneddon 
 Duoterion 
 Hydrogeddon 
 Oxygeddon 
 Water Dragon  - It is best to include no more that two copies of this card, as they can be Special Summoned from the Graveyard, and it will be extremely difficult to Summon three copies on the field anyways. 
 Miracle Jurassic Egg 
 Babycerasaurus 
 Volcanic Queen 
 Lava Golem 
 Summoner Monk 
 Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude 
 Water Dragon Cluster Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Evolzar Dolkka 
 Evolzar Laggia Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bonding - H2O 
 Bonding - D2O 
 Double Summon 
 Symbol of Heritage 
 Trade-In 
 Fossil Dig 
 A Feather of the Phoenix 
 Traps 
 Royal Decree 
 Bonding - DHO 
   
 Chemical Members 
 Carboneddon Duoterion Hydrogeddon Hyozanryu Oxygeddon Water Dragon Water Dragon Cluster 
 Bonding - D2O Bonding - DHO Bonding - H2O 
 
 v e 
 Chemical   a   Members 
 Bonding - H2O Carboneddon Hydrogeddon Hyozanryu Oxygeddon Water Dragon 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f5/Carboneddon-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131216025322']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Series, TCG and OCG series