Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Portal_talk:Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_anime_characters


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Portal:Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V anime characters.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Jack and Crow ? 
 2   Reorganizing 
 3   Removing Sora from the main character list 
 4   Character Organization 
 
 
 Jack and Crow ? 
 Is it safe to put Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan on this list now that they are characters in arc-v as well ? Khkyle  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:28, March 24, 2015 (UTC)
 
 
 Reorganizing 
 Considering things, I think the character sections need to be reorganized, as Main, Supporting, and Minor don't seem like enough anymore, and some in the Minor section aren't really minor-- BahamutX978  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:24, April 5, 2015 (UTC)
 
 Dennis should be moved to supporting. I don't know what other changes could really be made though.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:39, April 5, 2015 (UTC) 
 Probably changing sections like the other character portal pages, such as Maiami Championship and such as the series goes.-- BahamutX978  ( talk  •  contribs ) 22:46, April 5, 2015 (UTC) 
 In my opinion, this list is outdaded. Sora is not a main character anymore, since episode 37, he now has the role of an antagonist, and his appearances have drastically decreased. (He doesn't even show up in openings and endings.) And in this new arc, he will probably show even less! He will probably have less focus then Sawatari and Serena, that really started to make part of the group of protagonists. I'm not saying to remove Yuzu in favor of Serena. Yuzu is the equivalent of Tea/Alexis/Aki/Kotori, therefore, she should remain there. Now Sora, i don't see the reason to him being there. It feels like an unnecessary extension of his role. If you put Sawatari or Dennis there, it would make much more sense. At least now.-- Vinixdesenho  ( talk  •  contribs ) 17:40, April 8, 2015 (UTC) Vinixdesenho  ( talk  •  contribs ) 
 Being an antagonist does not disqualify someone from being considered a main character. The openings and endings are not always reliable, either. You also can't ONLY take current events into account when constructing this. So far as the series as a whole has gone thus far, Sora certainly qualifies as a main character. Assuming Sawatari and/or Dennis have increased screentime, we may swap one of them for Sora as one of the first six, but that still wouldn't make Sora a supporting character.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 21:53, April 8, 2015 (UTC) 
 I sincerely don't know what you guys take for account to define the 6 main characters. Screen time? As i said, it drastically decreased since episode 37. focus on the plot? In this moment, Serena has a lot more focus. Importance? He's still looking for Serena at this moment, and will probably keep tracking the lancers. Interactions? That also drastically decreased by consequences of 3 main factors that happened before. Don't take me badly, but i just cannot understand your ways of justifying that. On Battle Royale, Sora doesn't even stay in the 9 most important characters. Even Mieru is ahead of him. Of course, being in an antagonist position doesn't remove a character from his main character spot,but i don't remember having that doubt referring Rei or Vector here. Well, it's just my opinion. But if you want to consider all the events of the anime to analyse this, you should have changed a lot of episodes ago. But if you really believe Sora is one of the main 6 characters, even with Serena clearly having more focus, go ahead, i just don't think it's really rational. Vinixdesenho  ( talk  •  contribs ) 00:54, April 9, 2015 (UTC) 
 Well... At this point, it is obvious, Sora is no longer one of the top 6 main characters. KazamaHero  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:14, June 28, 2015 (UTC) 
 Is it though? People said the exact same thing after he disappeared during his duel with Yuto, and then he showed up in the Battle Royale. Besides, you're ignoring how one of Yuya's motivations is to save Sora. Reiji hasn't shown up lately but hes still a main character.-- BahamutX978  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:48, June 28, 2015 (UTC) 
 Removing Sora from the main character list 
 can i remove sora from the main character list and put him to suppporting because he did not apppear for more than 10 episodes and his lack of apppearnce in the 3rd ending and opening( Saeryukgkj  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:16, July 3, 2015 (UTC))
 
 Have you looked at the above conversation on the same subject?  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:00, July 3, 2015 (UTC) 
 My personal two cents if to leave as is for now and see who out of Dennis, Silvio or Selena (probably Selena) gets more development, if they do. Depends how much Sora will show up from now on. Heck, maybe even Yugo might stick around...though I am speculating (which is the entire point).  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:18, July 3, 2015 (UTC) 
 selena is getting the developement for the time being and she is the new heorine replacing yuzu for the time being we will have to wait until yuzu returns to her satue as a heorine again and dont remove yuzu since she is offiacally confirmed as tea/alexis/aki and tori of these series. well hopefully we will have to see if yugo gets development since some fans are posting this nonsense theory that he will absorb yuya just like how yuto  did hopefully it is not going to happen.( Saeryukgkj  ( talk  •  contribs ) 07:47, July 4, 2015 (UTC)) 
 
 Oi! Saeryukgki! Didn't you listen to what we said? Don't change the blasted page! Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:35, July 4, 2015 (UTC) 
 Eh? That theory is going around? Yeah, that's bull. 
 You know what? Replace Sora with Selena for now, or maybe Yugo once the next batch of previews come out. Not Dennis though, and remember to update the main page.  Sanokal K-T  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:08, July 4, 2015 (UTC) 
 i agree with you i will replace sora with Yugo  and its weird to see dennis being a main character since we already know his true colors  ( Saeryukgkj  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:17, July 4, 2015 (UTC))
 now that i add yugo as a main character i tried somany times in putting it on the the main page but it didnt work i am sorry to disturb you can you add yugo to the main oage  ( Saeryukgkj  ( talk  •  contribs ) 09:33, July 4, 2015 (UTC))
 
 Yugo is not a main character. Removing Sora was something we discussed and there's merit for doing so even if I don't personally agree. But Yugo as a main character is absurd. If we add him to the main category, I guarantee we'll be removing him once this arc is over, because there's no way he's sticking around.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:08, July 4, 2015 (UTC) 
 sora is not the main character anymore and he has already reveled his true colors and did not appear for more than 10 episode so its better we put him to supporting and no point on putting him to main. well shun is not the main character also he is one of  the main supporting characters but its better to put him to main characters because he has done somuch which is relevent to plot and even yugo. we wil have to wait and see until the series comes close to an end ( Saeryukgkj  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:25, July 5, 2015 (UTC))
 
 Number of episodes is a terrible reason for judging if someone is a main character or not seeing as during ZEXAL, there were large gaps of episodes where Shark and especially Kaito, were just absent. Especially since Sora's role in the series is far from done. Saving Sora is Yuya's second goal after Yuzu, as stated in his duel with his mother. Yuya still considers Sora to be one of his closest friends. While he might not being doing anything now, its wrong to think his role is done. He is likely going to be a very prominent character once Academia returns to the plot.-- BahamutX978  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:36, July 5, 2015 (UTC) 
 mostly kaito was absent than shark the reason why they didnt remove kaito is because he is kaiba/chazz and jack of zexal and for shark he is crow and joey of zexal. i know yuya said to his mom that he wanted to save sora second after saving yuzu but he didnt make an appperance in 3rd ending and opening and he is now an antagonist after reveling his true colors during his duel with shun and i know that he will likely play a prominent role when academia returns to the plot and even when academia returns to the plot he will still be an antagonist and remember after rei reveled that he was vector they then removed him as a main character in zexal character protal. ( Saeryukgkj  ( talk  •  contribs ) 01:50, July 5, 2015 (UTC))
 Sora's no longer main, should we replace him with  Selena  or  Shingo  since they are now main? Shingo got mad when Shun took his place.  集いし星が新たに輝く星となる。 光さす道となれ！ シンクロ召喚！飛翔せよ、 《スターダスト・ドラゴン》! 
 
 Character Organization 
 I've been seeing a lot of debate on who to place as a main character, who to remove, etc, and I think I might have a solution. The main characters are Yuya, Yuzu, and Reiji, since they are the most involved with the plot (and it's not like every season has to have at least six main characters). Then the former two's counterparts would come next under Dimensional Counterparts, followed by the Lancers, and then the antagonists, which would include Sora and Dennis. -- Jackpo21  ( talk  •  contribs ) 03:51, October 8, 2015 (UTC)
 
 We do not under any circumstances want antagonist sections. The rest of it sounds fine.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:28, October 8, 2015 (UTC) 
 Do I even want to know why? -- Jackpo21  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:35, October 8, 2015 (UTC) 
 We've done it before, it causes problems due to the whole redemption thing. I see you put them under an Academia header instead and that's fine.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:40, October 8, 2015 (UTC) 
 Glad to know you approve. -- Jackpo21  ( talk  •  contribs ) 06:00, October 8, 2015 (UTC) 
 Can someone add the reporter joy jeever in the anime characters page?-- Masterchristian  ( talk  •  contribs ) 14:28, November 30, 2015 (UTC)
 
 
 
 
Categories: