Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Gakuto.png


 
 Gavin Sogetsu 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Gavin Sogetsu 
 
 
 Japanese   
 蒼 月   学 人 蒼月 学人 そうげつ がくと Rōmaji: ( Sōgetsu Gakuto ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 12 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Student Council 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 Goha 7th Elementary  (Originally) Goha 6th Elementary  (Transferred) 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Stall 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS  episode 1: " Ready for the Rush! " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Barrett Leddy 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Natsuki Hanae 
 
 
 
 Gavin Sogetsu  ( Gakuto Sogetsu  ( 蒼 月   学 人 ,  Sōgetsu Gakuto  in the Japanese Version) is a character of  Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS . He is an adamant, disciplined president of the student council of  Goha 7th Elementary .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Birth of Rush Duels 
 2.3   Maximum 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full-body image of Gavin.     
       Gavin in his "Gavin Style" outfit.     
 Gavin is a lean boy with deep-blue eyes and purple hair, which covers his eyes a bit. He also wears two white hairclips to the left side of his hair. He wears a plain light-blue uniform, with a pocket on his left side of the chest, and a symbol on the left part of his collar. He also wears black shoes.
 At other times, Gavin wears a blue kimono that has a black/light-blue pattern around his waist. He also wears a regal black/red cloak with yellow outlines.
 
 Personality 
 Gavin is a disciplined, serious individual, who has not been late to school a single day. He passes this virtue to his Sogetsu Dueling style, and believes the current Master Duels are fine as they are.
 He becomes very irritated and agitated when people do not follow rules, especially Yuga Ohdo. Gavin is significantly more reluctant to disobey Goha's ways than Rook or Yuga, he tends to panic whenever his friends to something that would break the rules and is quick to "beg" Goha for forgiveness when he thinks he's in trouble. 
 Gavin finds himself conflicted between his desire to follow the rules and enforce them as the student council president, and the enjoyment he finds from hanging out with his new friends which often involves breaking the rules. He is largely unable to decline requests out of his fellow students, at times taking in too many tasks at once even largely mundane ones such as teaching math or filling a sport team vacancy, well outside the norm for student presidents (and unknowingly also breaking the rules at times due to being too focused in his current duties).
 He is also honorable and stepped down from presidency after losing a duel, although he was easily reinstated afterwards showing he has very high charisma and significant approval. He does at times show a penchant for bad puns and is severely tone-deaf.
 
 Etymology 
 Gavin's Japanese name means "Blue Moon" and his first name means "Student". His English first name is the modern form of the medieval name Gawain.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 
 This Present to past tense.  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 Gavin has been the student council president for an unknown period of time, but is known to always arrive at 6:66:66 am, perform jogging and practice calligraphy as part of his daily routine. [1] 
 
 Birth of Rush Duels 
 Gavin has been aware of Yuga's repeated attempts at breaking the Duel Disk's security causing him horror at Yuga's misconducts. At some point he witnessed Yuga and  Lucidien Kallister  enter a secret place and followed them. He soon discovers Yuga and Rook along the  Otes  as he arrives with  Romin Kassidy  nearby. Gavin is soon terrified that Yuga is trying to once more break into Goha's system security to install his new rules fearing everyone present will be penalized and by proxy taint his perfect record. Seeing Yuga's Duel Disk having energy problems, Gavin offers to pedal his bike to provide power in the hopes of saving himself. When Yuga wins his duel he is surprised at everyone's Duel Disk changing into a 7-shape along with everyone's penalties being erased. [2] 
 He is later seen witnessing Yuga and Rook's duel in Rush Duel format while explaining some game basics. He also finds himself shocked when learning that Yuga  modified a Goha bot  for his personal use. [3] 
 Some time later, Rook requests Gavin to dig information on Romin, fearing she could be a Goha agent spying on them, although he is unable to find anything significant. He goes along Yuga and the rest to his lab where he challenged Romin to a duel which she accepts, using a copy of Yuga's Spellcaster Deck. Gavin desperately tries to prevent Rook from prying on Romin's guitar case. He witnesses the duel and praises Romin's ace card " Prima Guitarna of the Colorful Light ". [4] 
 In one day while performing his daily routine, he predicts his card fortune and draws " Fiendish Commander Yameruler ". Soon Yuga drags him to a school room where they are trying some Rush Duel videos, and wanted Gavin to sing, but he performs badly due to being tone-deaf. Eventually he finds himself overwhelmed by too much paperwork to stamp and realizes he spends too much time with Yuga and his friends, distracting him from his duties, and soon declares he will not entertain their requests any longer and bars them from doing Rush Duel while at school. Yuga proposes they duel about it and Rook adds that he steps down from the presidency if he loses, Gavin accepts.
 Before he can duel he is overwhelmed by multiple student requests which consume all his day. Although exhausted he decides to duel Yuga, honoring his agreement. As he and his assistants change clothes for his duel, donning a yukata, he has them draw and play his cards for him. Although he draws "Yameruler" early, he decides against using him, setting one monster and two Spell/Traps and ending his turn. It is Yuga's turn and he summons three monsters with which he reduces Gavin's LP to 2,000. It is Gavin's turn again and his assistants wonder if he is holding back out of wanting to preserve Rush Duels, which he denies. Yuga soon laughs to which his assistants take as mockery, but he states he is having fun dueling Gavin and that he feels he wanted to have a good time too. Taking his words to heart Gavin decides to handle his cards himself and summons "Yameruler". Subsequently and using dexterous Battle Position and ATK/DEF manipulation along "Yameruler's" effect, he is able to turn the tides and reduce Yuga to a mere 300 LP. Yuga counters "Yameruler" by using " Sevens Road Witch " and activating her effect that bypasses "Yameruler", Special Summoning " Sevens Road Magician " and winning the duel.
 Gavin admits defeat graceful and as promised steps down from the Student Council despite Yuga telling him it was not needed as it was Rook being selfish. Soon an emergency election is held which Gavin wins by a landslide, easily defeating Rook and is thus reinstated in the presidency. Yuga subsequently modifies Kaizo to stamp papers for him, giving Gavin more time to keep Yuga's friends in check. [1] 
 
 Maximum 
 Deck 
 Gavin plays a  Stall Deck  based around " Fiendish Commander Yameruler ", which prevents both players from Tribute Summoning high Level monsters, making it more difficult for the opponent to summon their ace cards. He compliments this strategy with monsters that have typically higher DEF. When attacking, Gavin relies on " Shield & Sword " to use his monsters' high DEF for aggressive purposes, then he either switches his monsters back to Defense position after they attacked or removes them from the field so the opponent can't capitalize on their low ATK.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Hero is the Yeet 
 Binding Chain 
 Mountain Hermit Yur 
 Checkrael the Sun Angel, Yo  x3 
 Turtle Keeper of Traditions  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Battle Commander Nandes  x2 
 Demonic Hermit Vessel Kachisuzaku 
 Enshrined Deity Modorina 
 Fiendish Commander Kimeruler 
 Fiendish Commander Yameruler 
 Kesshin the Decided Death Fiendish Commander Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bandaged Bowing 
 Block Attack 
 Chestnuts Out of the Fire 
 Greater Piercing!! 
 Shield & Sword 
 Wicked Warding Weasel's Wind 
 Traps 
 Bowing of the Graying Gauze Guild 
 Fortified Fiendish Forest's Fiend Force - Z 
 Refined Rulers - The Three Fiendish Commanders 
 Scroll of Simultaneous Salutations 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuga Ohdo 
 4 
 Lose
 
 
 Romin Kassidy 
 11 
 Lose
 
 
 Otes 
 24 
 Win
 
 
 Romin Kassidy 
 27 
 Not shown
 
 
 Galient Tazaki 
 33 
 Win
 
 
 Rayne Nanahoshi 
 41 
 Win
 
 
 Nail Saionji 
 50 
 DRAW
 
 
 Yuran Goha 
 57 
 Lose
 
 
 Flash Umiko 
 69 
 Win
 
 
 Zo Ikitenai 
 74 
 Win
 
 
 Rino Nanahoshi 
 82 - 83 
 Win
 
 Trivia 
 Much like  Gong Strong 's Heavystrong Style Duel, Gavin Sogetsu follows his own strict code of Dueling, Sogetsu Style. Moreover, they later adapted it to "Neo" Dueling Style to modernize their strategies. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS  episode 4: " Rush Duel Resignation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS  episode 1: " Ready for the Rush! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS  episode 2: " The Future King of Duels " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS  episode 3: " Rock the Rush Duel " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS  anime   characters Main 
 Yuga Ohdo 
 Lucidien Kallister 
 Gavin Sogetsu 
 Romin Kassidy 
 Kaizo 
 Goha 7th Elementary 
 Rayne Nanahoshi 
 Rino Nanahoshi 
 Riku Endo 
 Katsu Kobayakawa 
 Bakuro Shinjitsu 
 Masaru 
 Nico 
 Goha 6th Elementary 
 Asana Mutsuba 
 Galient Tazaki 
 Chevelle Kayama 
 Trapigeon 
 Caterpillio Zomyoji 
 Finger Chikako 
 Goha 3rd Elementary 
 Menzaburo Oomori 
 Arata Arai 
 Goha 2nd Elementary 
 Kan Hakubutsu 
 Hanto Goto 
 Kaseki Hotta 
 Goha Fishing Elementary 
 Nanami Maguro 
 Goha Corp 
 Goha Siblings 
 Yuro Goha 
 Yujin Goha 
 Yuka Goha 
 Yuran Goha 
 Yuo Goha 
 Yuga Goha 
 CEO 
 President Goha 
 Tops of Hexagon 
 Mimi Atachi 
 Garden of Providence 
 Nail Saionji 
 Schrödinger Nekoyama 
 Sebastian 
 Noodle Sorako 
 Other 
 Otes 
 Goha Corporation drones 
 Goha 66 
 Sweets Kakoko 
 
 Goha City 
 Granny Setsuko 
 Kan's grandfather 
 Nick Yagi 
 Sushiko Maki 
 Tahayasty Restaurant owner 
 Yoshio Atachi 
 RoaRomin 
 Roa Kirishima 
 Romin Kassidy 
 Ushiro Omaeno 
 Getta Taira 
 Other characters 
 Princess G 
 Akinori Kamijo 
 Masahiko 
 Toshihiko 
 Haruka Kamijo 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Gakuto.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20200429195216', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Gakuto_body.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/100?cb=20200405101134', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/Gakustyle.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20200502075450', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135']
Categories: Characters, Articles needing cleanup, Yu-Gi-Oh! SEVENS characters