Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_178


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 178 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 最後の希望！遊城十代 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Saigo no Kibō! Yūki Jūdai 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Last Hope! Yuki Judai 
 
 
 Number 
 178 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 12, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 [[Elemental Hero Divine Neos|]] 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " 
 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " 
 
 
 
 
 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " is the one hundred and seventy-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired Japan on March 12, 2008.
 Jaden  continues his confrontation with  Nightshroud  as the latter finds a way to counter Jaden's " Neos Wiseman ". Those trapped in the  World of Darkness  begin to gain their memories and emotions back as Jaden attempts to find a way to prevail.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Nightshroud 
 3   Errors 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 " Neos Wiseman " appeared to have turned the  Duel  between  Jaden Yuki  and  Nightshroud  in Jaden's favor. However, Nightshroud  revives  his " Darkness Eye ", thus letting him to confirm his  Set   Spell  and  Trap Cards  once more. He uses " Zero " and " Infinity " to activate " Darkness 1 " but Jaden reveals that "Neos Wiseman" is immune to destruction by  card effects . Nightshroud states that the will of a single human cannot change the logic of the world and that Jaden has no chance of defeating him. He Summons the " Darkness Seed " in his  Graveyard  which has the ability to return his  Life Points  to 4000 during at the end of each  turn  and cannot be  destroyed by battle . Nightshroud states that his "true identity" is "humanity's future". He states that the abnormal weather, endless wars and terrorism make it inevitable that the world will become nothing but a desolate wasteland.
 Nightshroud  Tributes  "Darkness Seed" to Summon " Darkness Bramble ", which has the effects of both "Darkness Seed" and "Darkness Eye". Able to confirm his Set cards again, he activates "Zero", "Infinity" and " Darkness 3 " to inflict 3000 damage to Jaden. As Jaden begins his turn, Nightshroud activates the combo again, which would deal 2000 damage and defeat Jaden, but Jaden but chains " Quick Summon " to Special Summon " Chrysalis Pantail ", Tributing it with " Cocoon Veil " to  negate  the damage and Summon " Neo-Spacian Dark Panther ". Jaden attacks with "Neos Wiseman" but Nightshroud discards " Darkness Raincrow " and Tributes "Darkness Bramble" to Special Summon the 4000  ATK  " Darkness Neosphere " which also retains the effects of "Darkness Bramble" and lets him rearrange his Set cards in any order he chooses. Jaden counters by copying "Darkness Neosphere" with "Dark Panther", rearranging Nightshroud's Traps again and re-setting " Darkness ". Should Nightshroud choose to activate "Darkness" again, its effect will destroy all of his Spells and Traps.
 Though Nightshroud can no longer use his "Zero" and "Infinity" combo, he still has the high ATK of his "Darkness Neosphere". Nightshroud then destroys "Neos Wiseman" with "Darkness Neosphere".  Yubel  urges Jaden to to use the effect of "Neos Wiseman" to  remove   her card  from play to Special Summon " Elemental Hero Neos ". Nightshroud reiterates that it is hopeless and that Jaden should surrender - he is alone and no one else can fight. Jaden tells him that he's wrong, stating that he's not the strong one while turning into The Supreme King. His soul was once  drowned in darkness  and he hurt many of his friends - but that taught him something - to believe in the power of friendship and the strength of one's cards as he returns to himself. Jaden calls out to his friends trapped in the  World of Darkness , telling them to fight back by believing in the power of one card and to remember the people they have fought using it. Jaden himself remembers the opponents he fought with "Neos" at his side. His voice reaches them and the scenes where each of them is engulfed by the waves of darkness is replayed but this time they hold up a single card - " Ojama Yellow " for  Chazz , " Power Bond " for  Syrus " and " Doble Passe " for  Alexis . They each accept their futures and know they can struggle their way back up again.
 This allows them to escape from the World of Darkness and all of the people trapped do the same.  Duel Academy 's students are back and they all appear behind him while watching the remainder of the Duel. Jaden draws " Polymerization " and thanks his Deck for all the bonds it brought him. He activates his face-down " Hope for the Future ", which lets him discard "Polymerization" to send from his Deck to the Graveyard the Fusion Material Monsters for a " Neos " Fusion Monster. He sends " Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird ", " Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin ", " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab ", " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole " and " Neo-Spacian Glow Moss " from his Deck to the Graveyard. Then, he performs an "Ultimate  Contact Fusion ", returning the six "Neo-Spacians" and "Neos" on his field and in his Graveyard to his Deck to Fusion Summon " Elemental Hero Divine Neos ". He uses its effect, removing the "Neo-Spacians" in his Deck from play to gain  ATK  and having it inherit the power of "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab" to increase its attack further. He attacks and wipes out Nightshroud's Life Points. His hood is blown over in the strike and his true face is revealed - that of a skeletal goat-like creature. He states that even with his defeat he will return as long as darkness exists in the souls of humans. Jaden counters by saying that as long as Duelists believe in their futures, he'll never come back. Nightshroud is enveloped in light and is destroyed along with the World of Darkness. Due to this, the shadows fade away and the sun becomes visible in the sky as Jaden looks up with other students having finally started his growth as someone and defeating his pain.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Nightshroud 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode .
 Turn 7: Nightshroud 
Nightshroud draws " Darkness Necroslime " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (0/0) in Attack Position. He then activates the effect of "Darkness Necroslime" to send it from the field to the  Graveyard  and  Special Summon  " Darkness Eye " (0/1000) from his Graveyard in Defense Position. Nightshroud then activates the effect of "Darkness Eye" to look at his set cards, ignoring the effects of " Darkness ". He then activates his face-down " Zero ", which lets him activate his face-down " Infinity ", which lets him activate the face-down cards in between the two: "Darkness 1" and " Darkness 2 ". Only the effect of "Darkness 1" activates, so Nightshroud destroys " Neos Wiseman ", but it is not destroyed as "Neos Wiseman" can't be destroyed by card effects. On Nightshroud's End Phase, Nightshroud's Traps are reset and randomly rearranged due to the effect of "Darkness". 
 Turn 8: Jaden 
Jaden draws. "Neos Wiseman" then attacks and destroys "Darkness Eye". The second effect of "Neos Wiseman" activates (Jaden 3000 → 4000).
 Turn 9: Nightshroud 
Nightshroud draws. On Nightshroud's Standby Phase, he Special Summons " Darkness Seed " from his Graveyard (1000/1000) in Attack Position due to its first effect. Since "Darkness Seed" was Special Summoned this way, it is granted immunity to destruction by battle as well as the ability to make Nightshroud's Life Points 4000 during each End Phase if they are below 4000 at that point. On Nightshroud's End Phase, the second granted effect of "Darkness Seed" activates (Nightshroud 1300 → 4000).
 Turn 10: Jaden 
Jaden draws. "Neos Wiseman" attacks "Darkness Seed". Damage is calculated (Nightshroud 4000 → 2000), but "Darkness Seed" isn't destroyed due to its first granted effect. The second effect of "Neos Wiseman" activates (Nightshroud 2000 → 1000, Jaden 4000 → 5000). Jaden  Sets  a card. On Jaden's End Phase, the second granted effect of "Darkness Seed" activates (Nightshroud 1000 → 4000).
 Turn 11: Nightshroud 
Nightshroud draws "Darkness Bramble". He then  Tributes  "Darkness Seed" in order to Tribute Summon " Darkness Bramble " (2000/2000) in Attack Position. Nightshroud then activates the first effect of "Darkness Bramble" to look at his set cards, ignoring the effects of "Darkness". He then activates his face-down "Zero", which lets him activate his face-down "Infinity", which lets him activate the cards in between the two: " Darkness 3 ", "Darkness 1", and "Darkness 2". Only the effect of "Darkness 3" activates, so Jaden takes 3000 damage (The effect of "Darkness 3" inflicts 1000 damage and then its secondary effect inflicts 1000 more damage for each "Darkness" Continuous Trap Card activated after it) (Jaden 5000 → 2000). On Nightshroud's End Phase, Nightshroud's Traps are reset and randomly rearranged due to the effect of "Darkness". 
 Turn 12: Jaden 
Jaden draws. Nightshroud then activates the first effect of "Darkness Bramble" to check his Spell and Trap Cards. Nightshroud then activates his face-down "Zero", which lets him activate his face-down "Infinity", which lets him activate the face-down cards in between the two: "Darkness 3" and "Darkness 1". Only the effect of "Darkness 3" activates, but Jaden activates " Quick Summon " to Normal Summon " Chrysalis Pantail " (800/300) from his hand in Defense Position. Jaden then activates his face-down " Cocoon Veil " to Tribute "Chrysalis Pantail" and make all Effect Damage he takes this turn 0. After that, "Cocoon Veil" Special Summons " Neo-Spacian Dark Panther " (1000/500) in Defense Position. 
 "Neos Wiseman" attacks "Darkness Bramble", but Nightshroud activates the effect of " Darkness Raincrow " to send it and "Darkness Bramble" from his hand and field to the  Graveyard  in order to Special Summon " Darkness Neosphere " (4000/4000) in Attack Position. [Notes 1]  A replay occurs and Jaden chooses not to attack. Nightshroud explains that "Darkness Neosphere" can allow him to look at his set cards, ignoring the effects of "Darkness" and it can let him set and rearrange his Trap Cards by his choice. Nightshroud then activates the second effect of "Darkness Neosphere" to set and rearrange his Trap Cards. He intends to use his "Zero" and "Infinity" combo on his next turn to win the Duel.
 Jaden then activates the effect of "Dark Panther" to grant it the name, ATK, DEF, and effects of "Darkness Neosphere" ("Dark Panther": 1000 → 4000/1000 → 4000). Jaden then activates the second granted effect of "Dark Panther" to rearrange Nightshroud's Trap Cards. He then activates the third granted effect of "Dark Panther" to flip "Darkness" face-down. Now if Nightshroud activates "Darkness", its first effect will destroy all of his Spells and Traps. Jaden sets a card.
 Turn 13: Nightshroud 
Nightshroud draws. "Darkness Neosphere" attacks and destroys "Neos Wiseman" (Jaden 2000 → 1000). [Notes 2]  Jaden then activates the final effect of "Neos Wiseman" to  remove from play  " Yubel " from his Graveyard and Special Summon " Elemental Hero Neos " (2500/2000) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. [Notes 3] 
 Turn 14: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization ". He then activates his face-down " Hope for the Future " to discard "Polymerization" and send " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab ", " Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin ", " Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird ", " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole " and " Neo-Spacian Glow Moss " from his  Deck  to the Graveyard. Jaden then initiates the Ultimate  Contact Fusion  to return "Neos" and the six "Neo-Spacians" from his field and Graveyard to his Deck in order to Special Summon " Elemental Hero Divine Neos " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. [Notes 4] 
 Jaden then activates the first effect of "Divine Neos" to remove from play the six "Neo-Spacians" from his Deck and increase the ATK of "Divine Neos" by 500 ATK for each removed monster ("Divine Neos": 3000 → 6000/2500). Jaden then activates the second effect of "Divine Neos" to grant it the effects of "Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab", allowing "Divine Neos" to gain 400 ATK for each Spell and Trap Card Nightshroud controls. Nightshroud currently controls six ("Divine Neos": 6000 → 8400/2500). [Notes 5]  "Divine Neos" attacks and destroys " Darkness Neosphere " (Nightshroud 4000 → 0).
 
 Errors 
 Nightshroud's Life Points are first shown in this episode to be 1300 when they were actually at 1800 in the previous episode. 
 The second effect of "Neos Wiseman" shouldn't have activated since "Darkness Seed" wasn't destroyed in battle. 
 When "Darkness Neosphere" destroyed "Neos Wiseman", the effect of "Neos Wiseman" should have activated, inflicting damage to Nightshroud equal to the ATK of "Darkness Neosphere", and restored Jaden's Life Points equal to the DEF of "Darkness Neosphere" points. So Nightshroud should have taken 4000 points of damage, losing the Duel, and Jaden should have recovered 4000 Life Points while winning the Duel. It wouldn't have changed the duel's outcome though. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chrysalis Pantail 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole 
 Yubel Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Divine Neos 
 Neos Wiseman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Quick Summon 
 Traps 
 Cocoon Veil 
 Hope for the Future 
 
 Nightshroud Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Darkness Bramble 
 Darkness Eye 
 Darkness Necroslime 
 Darkness Neosphere 
 Darkness Raincrow 
 Darkness Seed Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Darkness 
 Traps 
 Darkness 1 
 Darkness 2 
 Darkness 3 
 Infinity 
 Zero 
 
 Jaden's cards in the background Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Avian 
 Elemental Hero Burstinatrix 
 Elemental Hero Clayman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chrysalis Chicky 
 Dandylion 
 Elemental Hero Bladedge 
 Elemental Hero Bubbleman 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Wroughtweiler Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Flame Wingman 
 
 Jaden's flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental Hero Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Candelato, the Beast of Light 
 Honest 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mad Sword Beast Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Power Bond 
 Traps 
 Doble Passe 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Darkness Neosphere " does not specifically require that it be " Darkness Bramble "  Tributed  from the  field  and " Darkness Raincrow "  discarded  from the  hand  in order to Summon it, instead requiring any  Fiend - Type  monsters from your hand and field. 
 
 ↑   The  effect  of " Neos Wiseman " should have  activated  here, inflicting the  ATK  of " Darkness Neosphere " to Nightshroud as damage, resulting in Jaden's victory. For unexplained reasons it does not. 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , "Neos Wiseman" does not have this effect. 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Elemental Hero Divine Neos " has 2500  ATK  and can be  Fusion Summoned  with a combination of five " Neos ", " Neo-Spacian ", and " HERO " monsters, although at least one of the five  monsters  must be from each group. 
 
 ↑    In the  TCG / OCG , "Elemental Hero Divine Neos" may only  remove  one monster per  turn , from the  Graveyard , and it can be any monster which can be used as its  Fusion Material . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/Nightshroud_defeated.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140401175920', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes