Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Jaden/Yubel_(Duel_Links)


 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 遊城十代／ユベル 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Matthew Charles 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 KENN 
 
 
 
 Jaden/Yubel  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Jaden Yuki , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 He was originally exclusive to the  special event   Rise of Yubel - Soul Polymerization , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event. However, as of November 29, 2019, he is now unlockable via Character Unlock missions alongside  Yubel .
 Red Gate Keys are required to duel Jaden/Yubel at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Level 50 
 
 
 3.3   Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth) 
 
 3.3.1   Special Cup 
 
 
 
 
 4   Duel rewards 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Monsters 
 8.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Jaden Yuki  used Super Polymerization to combine with  Yubel 's soul. Inheriting the spirit's power, Jaden was able to make Neos become real.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Cut-In (Yubel's eyes) Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Jaden/Yubel Deck Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Oscillo Hero  x3 
 Beaver Warrior  x3 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x3 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x3 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart 
 Winged Kuriboh Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Kishido Spirit  x2 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Neo-Spacian Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss 
 Chrysalis Larva 
 Chrysalis Dolphin 
 Chrysalis Pinny 
 Chrysalis Chicky 
 Chrysalis Pantail Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Neo-Spacian Twinkle Moss 
 Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin  x2 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 NEX  x2 
 Gift of the Martyr  x2 
 Convert Contact 
 Level 20 
 
 Dual Fusion Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Elemental HERO Avian  x2 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin  x2 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Neo-Spacian Twinkle Moss 
 Elemental HERO Flare Neos Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 NEX  x2 
 Neo Space 
 Convert Contact 
 Level 30 
 
 Ultimate Contact Fusion Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman  x2 
 Neo Space Connector  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Divine Neos  x3 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Convert Contact  x3 
 Miracle Fusion  x2 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 NEXT  x2 
 Level 40 
 Skill: "Neo-Spacian Onslaught” (During your first two turns, summon  up to 3 random  Neo-Spacian  monsters To your side of the field.)
 
 
 HERO Alliance Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman  x3 
 Elemental HERO Solid Soldier  x2 
 Neo Space Connector  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Dark Panther Extra Deck  (5) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Divine Neos  x2 
 Elemental HERO Escuridao 
 Elemental HERO Gaia 
 Elemental HERO Nova Master Spells  (8) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 E - Emergency Call  x2 
 Miracle Fusion  x3 
 Polymerization  x2 
 R - Righteous Justice 
 Level 50 
 Skill: "Two Spirits" (During your first two turns, summon " Elemental HERO Neos " or " Yubel " to your side of the field.)
 
 
 Neos Wiseman Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Solid Soldier  x2 
 Neos Wiseman  x2 
 Yubel  x2 
 Mystic Tomato  x2 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman  x2 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole Extra Deck  (6) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Gaia 
 Elemental HERO Escuridao 
 Elemental HERO Nova Master 
 Elemental HERO The Shining 
 Elemental HERO Great Tornado 
 Elemental HERO Absolute Zero Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Polymerization  x2 
 O - Oversoul 
 Super Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Limit Reverse  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament (thirteenth) 
 Special Cup 
 Partner 
 Skill: "Ultimate Contact Fusion"
 
 
 Neos Fusion Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Stratos  x3 
 Neo Space Connector  x3 
 Necro Gardna  x2 
 Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin Extra Deck  (7) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Brave Neos  x2 
 Elemental HERO Divine Neos 
 Elemental HERO Great Tornado 
 Elemental HERO The Shining 
 Elemental HERO Escuridao 
 Elemental HERO Gaia Spells  (7) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 E - Emergency Call 
 Neos Fusion  x2 
 Miracle Fusion  x2 
 Polymerization 
 Super Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Negate Attack  x2 
 Opponent 
 
 Accel Fusion (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman 
 Elemental HERO Solid Soldier 
 Elemental HERO Stratos 
 Mystic Tomato Extra Deck  (6) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Great Tornado 
 Elemental HERO Nova Master Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fusion Sage 
 Miracle Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 
 Fusion Bond (incomplete) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Neos 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Blazeman 
 Elemental HERO Solid Soldier 
 Elemental HERO Stratos 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Yubel Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Brave Neos 
 Elemental HERO Divine Neos 
 Elemental HERO Escuridao 
 Elemental HERO Great Tornado Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Neos Fusion 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Jaden/Yubel, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Neos Wiseman "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Elemental HERO Divine Neos "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Evilswarm Golem "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Evilswarm Hraesvelg "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Double Hero Attack "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Warrior of Tradition "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Renge, Gatekeeper of Dark World "
 
 
 N 
 
 " The Shadow Who Controls the Dark "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Beautiful Headhuntress "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Sonic Maid "
 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Jaden/Yubel reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Knospe "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Jaden/Yubel)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Poison Rose "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Jaden/Yubel)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Rose Bud "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Clayman "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Neo Space! ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Poison Rose "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Rose Bud "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Feather Wind "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Neos Guard ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Mariner "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Steam Healer "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Feather Wind "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Jaden/Yubel)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Mariner "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " R - Righteous Justice "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Elemental HERO Steam Healer "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " R - Righteous Justice "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Form Change "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Jaden/Yubel)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Masked HERO Blast "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 A New Power!
 
 At the beginning of the duel, add 2 " Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin " to your Deck. Then, add 1 " Elemental HERO Aqua Neos " to your Extra Deck.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Neo Space!
 
 Begin Duel with the card " Neo Space " activated.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Neos Guard!
 
 Select 1 " Elemental HERO Neos " you control. Until the end of the next turn, the selected monster cannot be destroyed in battle, and will you take no Battle Damage from battles involving it. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Emergency Call
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward or if your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Reveal 1 "Elemental HERO" monster in your hand. Then, add 1 "Elemental HERO" monster with a different name from your Deck to your hand. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Wounded Hero
 
 Play 1 " Elemental HERO " monster in Attack Position with an ATK equal to or less than the total battle and effect damage you've taken so far in the ongoing Duel. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Together Again
 
 Banish " Yubel " from your Graveyard. Then, play " Elemental HERO Neos " from your hand. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Favorite Duel
 
 Each of the following effects can be used once per turn if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains at least 4 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monsters with different names. When this Skill is used, you can only Special Summon "Neos" monsters, "Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman", and "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman".
 Can be used thrice per Duel. Send 1 "Elemental HERO" monster or 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your hand to the Graveyard. Then, send 1 "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster or 1 "Neo-Spacian" monster from your Deck to the Graveyard. Then, add 1 "Miracle Fusion" to your hand from outside of your Deck. 
 Can be used once per Duel on the turn you have Special Summoned "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman". Set 1 "Skyscraper" to your field from outside of your Deck. 
 
 Mission
 
 
 Fusion Time!
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1000. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add " Polymerization " to your hand from outside of your Deck. Then, you can add 1 Level 4 or lower "Elemental HERO" Normal Monster to your hand from your Graveyard. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 HERO Alliance
 
 During this Duel, you can Normal Summon/Set "Elemental HERO Neos" without tributing. In addition, the following effect can be used once per turn, when you have Summoned "Elemental HERO Neos". Send 1 card from your hand to the Graveyard and add 1 "Super Polymerization" in your Deck or 1 "Polymerization", "Miracle Contact", or "Miracle Fusion" from outside of your Deck to your hand. Then, send 2 random "Neo-Spacian" monsters from outside of your Deck to the Graveyard and add "Elemental HERO Divine Neos" to your Extra Deck. This Skill can only be used/applied if you begin the Duel with a Deck that follows the conditions below.
 Your Deck contains at least 10 "HERO" monsters and no "HERO" monsters other than "Elemental HERO" monsters 
 Your Extra Deck contains at least 5 Fusion Monsters and contains no Fusion Monsters other than "Elemental HERO", "Neos", or "Neo-Spacian" monsters. 
 
 Mission
 
 
 Miracle Fusion Time!
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 1000. Instead of conducting your normal draw, " Miracle Fusion " is added to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Ultimate Fusion!
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 1500 or below. Instead of conducting your normal draw, add "Super Polymerization" to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 The Tie that Binds
 
 Until the end of you turn, the ATK of all face-up monsters on your field increases by the number of monsters on your field times 100. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of the turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 (works one time only). When this Skill is applied, you can only Special Summon 1 monster until the end of your next turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random LIGHT monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Jaden announces "I heard the King of Games had another side to him" followed by "And that must be you! The Pharaoh!" 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Yugi Muto (DM)  or  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Jaden announces "Woah! It's really you! Yugi!" 
 Jesse Anderson 
 When starting a Duel with  Jesse Anderson , Jaden announces "Let's Duel, Jesse! Win or lose, it'll be fun!"
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Yeah, I sometimes get frustrated when I lose." followed by "But that doesn't take the joy out of Dueling!" 
 Chazz Princeton 
 When starting a Duel with  Chazz Princeton , Jaden announces "Chazz! I know you're no pushover, so stop acting like one!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "Umm... Are you pretending to be a slacker?" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "See, Chazz? You can win without using silly tricks." 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 When starting a Duel with  Alexis Rhodes , Jaden announces "Alexis, it's been a while since we've Dueled like this."
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "There's something I want to tell you..." followed by "Thanks for a sweet Duel! Now and forever!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "I never would've gotten this far without ya." followed by "I'm so glad we got to know each other, Alexis!" 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 When starting a Duel with  Dr. Vellian Crowler , Jaden announces "I'll show ya what I learned these past three years, Teach!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "And that's game!" followed by "Looks like I finally passed the test, Dr. Crowler!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "I may not have shown it, but I learned a lot from ya, Teach!" 
 Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Yubel , Jaden announces "Yubel, I promise to get you back!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "We have to fight against the Light of Destruction." followed by "And we'll do it together." 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "I know the pain you endured. Let's not Duel like that again." 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Syrus Truesdale , Jaden announces "Sy, did you finally build a deck that's all about you?"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "Did you just copy your brother's deck?" followed by "You'll never win 'til you play your own game, Sy." 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Your deck wanted to win as badly as you, Sy!" 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 When starting a Duel with  Tyranno Hassleberry , Jaden announces "Show no mercy, Hassleberry!"
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "You sure evolved right past me, Hassleberry!" 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 When starting a Duel with  Sartorius Kumar , Jaden announces "Sartorius! I'm gonna do what I gotta do, whatever it takes!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "C'mon, no one controls fate." followed by "You should know that better than anyone, Sartorius!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Don't let the emptiness control you, Sartorius!" 
 Supreme King Jaden 
 When starting a Duel with  Supreme King Jaden , Jaden announces "The Supreme King is the darkness that lives in my soul."
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "The Supreme King and Yubel are both alive inside me!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Argh... My dark side is really though!" 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Jaden announces "I know you love Duel Monsters as much as me!" followed by "Let's get our game on, Yusei!"
 When he wins the Duel, Jaden says "Yusei, I didn't think you were the type to give up." 
 When he loses the Duel, Jaden says "Your moves are super sweet, Yusei!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Divine Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden briefly appears, and he announces "Ultimate Contact Fusion! Elemental HERO Divine Neos arrives on the scene!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Elemental HERO Divine Neos" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Elemental HERO Divine Neos" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Divine Neos!" followed by "Legendary Strike!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Here's Divine Neos' effect!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman ", a cut-in frame of Jaden briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes my favorite HERO of all time!" followed by "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman during that Duel, a cutscene of "Elemental HERO Flame Wingman" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Flame Wingman!" followed by "Skydive Scorcher!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Flame Wingman's effect activates!" followed by "You take damage equal to the destroyed monster's ATK!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden briefly appears, and he announces "Let's go! Elemental HERO Neos!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Elemental HERO Neos" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Elemental HERO Neos" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Neos! Cosmic Crush!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Yubel ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face (with Yubel's eyes) briefly appears, and he announces "We went through a lot, so that we could stand here together." followed by "Let's go! Yubel!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Yubel" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Yubel" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Yubel! Attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Yubel's effect activates!" followed by "Nightmare Pain!" 
 When Jaden activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Yubel's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Aqua Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Contact Fusion!" followed by "Here comes Elemental HERO Aqua Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Aqua Neos!" followed by "Sonic Zoom!" 
 When Jaden activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Aqua Neos, use your effect!" followed by "Echo Burst!" 
 When Jaden activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Aqua Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Brave Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Go Elemental HERO Brave Neos"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Brave Neos!!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Brave Neos activates its effect!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Chaos Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Triple Contact Fusion!" followed by "Come on Elemental HERO Chaos Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Chaos Neos! Attack!" followed by "Chaos Fury Flash!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Dark Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Contact Fusion!" followed by "Meet Elemental HERO Dark Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dark Neos attacks!" followed by "Dark Cosmic Crush!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dark Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Electrum ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Elemental HERO Electrum!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Electrum!" followed by "Elemental Radiant Burst!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Check out Electrum's effect!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Flare Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Contact Fusion!" followed by "Elemental HERO Flare Neos hits the field!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Flare Neos!" followed by "Flare Storm!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Flare Neos' effect!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Glow Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Contact Fusion!" followed by "Elemental HERO Glow Neos! Let's do this!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Glow Neos!" followed by "Lightning Strike!" 
 When Jaden activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Glow Neos' effect activates!" followed by "Signal Buster!" 
 When Jaden activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Glow Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Grand Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Contact Fusion! Here's Elemental HERO Grand Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Grand Neos! Attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Grand Neos' effect! Nebulous Hole!" 
 When Jaden activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Grand Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Magma Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Triple Contact Fusion! Presenting, Elemental HERO Magma Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Magma Neos attack! Meteor Meltdown!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Magma Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Marine Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Contact Fusion!" followed by "Elemental HERO Marine Neos! Let's go!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Marine Neos!" followed by "Hyper Rapid Storm!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Marine Neos's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Neos Knight ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Show yourself, Elemental HERO Neos Knight!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em, Neos Knight!" followed by "Final Neos Slash!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Soar! Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go and get 'em, Shining Flare Wingman!" followed by "Shinning Emerald Orb!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Shining Flare Wingman's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Storm Neos ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Triple Contact Fusion! From the edges of space comes Elemental HERO Storm Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Storm Neos! Ultimate Typhoon!" 
 When Jaden activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Storm Neos activates its effect! Ultimate Typhoon!" 
 When Jaden activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Storm Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Tempest ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Elemental HERO Tempest!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tempest attacks!" followed by "Glider Strike!!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Tempest's effect!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Wildedge ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face briefly appears, and he announces "Time to fight, Elemental HERO Wildedge!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Wildedge!" followed by "Scimitar Slash!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neos Wiseman ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face (with Yubel's eyes) briefly appears, and he announces "Neos and Yubel, let's do this! Come on out, Neos Wiseman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Neos Wiseman attacks!" followed by "Ultimate Nova!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Neos Wiseman's effect activate!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Yubel - Terror Incarnate ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face (with Yubel's eyes) briefly appears, and he announces "Yubel! Evolve into Terror Incarnate!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Yubel - Terror Incarnate!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Yubel - Terror Incarnate's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare ", a cut-in frame of Jaden's face (with Yubel's eyes) briefly appears, and he announces "Yubel's ultimate form lives within me!" followed by "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare! Attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Chrysalis Chicky ", he announces "Let's go, Chrysalis Chicky!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Chrysalis Chicky attacks!” 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Chrysalis Chicky's effect!" followed by "Hatch into Air Hummingbird!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Chrysalis Dolphin ", he announces "Here's Chrysalis Dolphin!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Attack! Chrysalis Dolphin!” 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Chrysalis Dolphin's effect!" followed by "This baby grows into Aqua Dolphin!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Chrysalis Larva ", he announces "Here comes Chrysalis Larva!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Attack! Chrysalis Larva!” 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Chrysalis Larva's effect!" followed by "It transforms into Flare Scarab!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Chrysalis Mole ", he announces "Aright, Chrysalis Mole!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Chrysalis Mole! Attack!” 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Chrysalis Mole's effect! It grow up, turning into Grand Mole!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Chrysalis Pantail ", he announces "Chrysalis Pantail, let's go!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Chrysalis Pantail! Attack!” 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Chrysalis Pantail's effect!" followed by "Evolve into Dark Panther!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Chrysalis Pinny ", he announces "Here's Chrysalis Pinny!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Chrysalis Pinny attack!” 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Chrysalis Pinny's effect!" followed by "Turn into Glow Moss!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Avian ", he announces "Here's Elemental HERO Avian!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Avian attacks!" followed by "Quill Cascade!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Bladedge ", he announces "Come on, Elemental HERO Bladedge!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Bladedge!" followed by "Slice and Dice Attack!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Bubbleman ", he announces "Let's go, Elemental HERO Bubbleman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Bubbleman!" followed by "Bubble Blast!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Bubbleman's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ", he announces "I play Elemental HERO Burstinatrix!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Burstinatrix!" followed by "Flare Storm!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Clayman ", he announces "Rise up, Elemental HERO Clayman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get'em Clayman!" followed by "Clay Clobberer!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Grandmerge ", he announces "Join the fight, Elemental HERO Grandmerge!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Grandmerge! Attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Grandmerge's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Necroshade ", he announces "Elemental HERO Necroshade, let's go!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Necroshade! Attack!" followed by "Dark Shadow Slash!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Sparkman ", he announces "Turn up the heat, Elemental HERO Sparkman!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sparkman, attack!" followed by "Static Shockwave!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Wildheart ", he announces "Here comes Elemental HERO Wildheart!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wildheart attack! Wild Slash!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird ", he announces "Let's do this, Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces “Attack! Air Hummingbird!" followed by "Slaughtering Swoop!” 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Air Hummingbird's effect activates!" followed by "Honey Suck!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin ", he announces "Neo-Spacian Aqua Dolphin! You're up"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Aqua Dolphin!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Aqua Dolphin's effect!" followed by "Sonar Wave!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Dark Panther ", he announces "Here's Neo-Spacian Dark Panther!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Pounce, Dark Panther!" followed by "Dark Claw!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Dark Panther's effect!" followed by "Shadow Illusion!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab ", he announces "Fire up, Neo-Spacian Flare Scarab!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Flare Scarab attacks!" followed by "Flaming Arrow!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Glow Moss ", he announces "Show yourself, Neo-Spacian Glow Moss!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Glow Moss!" followed by "Spore Spear!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Glow Moss's effect activates!" followed by "Signal Check!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole ", he announces "Here comes Neo-Spacian Grand Mole!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Grand Mole!" followed by "Drill Mole!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Grand Mole's effect!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin ", he announces "Neo-Spacian Marine Dolphin is here!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Marine Dolphin attacks!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Marine Dolphin's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Neo-Spacian Twinkle Moss ", he announces "Yeah! Here's Neo-Spacian Twinkle Moss!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Twinkle Moss!" followed by "Twinkle Flash!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Twinkle Moss's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Winged Kuriboh ", he announces "Meet my bud, Winged Kuriboh!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Winged Kuriboh! Attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Winged Kuriboh's effect activates!" followed by "I take no damage until the end of the turn!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Winged Kuriboh LV9 ", he announces "Here's Winged Kuriboh LV9!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Winged Kuriboh LV9!" followed by "Berserker Crush!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Winged Kuriboh LV9's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Jaden activates " A Hero Emerges ", he announces "I activate my Trap, A Hero Emerges!" 
 When Jaden activates " Alchemy Cycle ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Alchemy Cycle!" 
 When Jaden activates " Cocoon Party ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card! Cocoon Party!" followed by "I get a Chrysalis for each Neo-Spacian in my grave!" 
 When Jaden activates " Cocoon Veil ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Cocoon Veil!" 
 When Jaden activates " Contact ", he announces "I play my Spell Card! Contact!" followed by "Come on out Neo-Spacians!" 
 When Jaden activates " Contact Out ", he announces I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Contact Out!" 
 When Jaden activates " De-Fusion ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! De-Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Demise of the Land ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell! Demise of the Land!" 
 When Jaden activates " Double Hero Attack ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Double Hero Attack!" 
 When Jaden activates " E - Emergency Call ", he announces "The Spell Card! E - Emergency Call!" 
 When Jaden activates " Fifth Hope ", he announces I activate my Spell Card! Fifth Hope!" 
 When Jaden activates " Flash Fusion ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Flash Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Fusion Recovery ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Fusion Recovery!" 
 When Jaden activates " H - Heated Heart ", he announces "The Spell Card! H - Heated Heart!" 
 When Jaden activates " Hero Barrier ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Hero Barrier!" 
 When Jaden activates " Hero Blast ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Hero Blast!" 
 When Jaden activates " Hero Counterattack ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Hero Counterattack!" 
 When Jaden activates " Hero Signal ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Hero Signal!" 
 When Jaden activates " Instant Neo Space ", he announces "I activate my Equip Spell, Instant Neo Space!"
 When activating the effect of that card, he announces "Instant Neo Space's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden activates " Miracle Contact ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Miracle Contact!" 
 When Jaden activates " Miracle Fusion ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Miracle Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Neo Space ", he announces "I activate the Field Spell, Neo Space!" 
 When Jaden activates " Neos Force ", he announces "I activate my Equip Spell! Neos Force!"
 When activating the effect of that card, he announces "Neos Force deals damage equal to your monster's ATK!!" 
 When Jaden activates " Neos Fusion ", he announces I activate my Spell Card! Neos Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " NEX ", he announces I activate my Spell Card! NEX!" 
 When Jaden activates " NEXT ", he announces "I activate my Trap! NEXT!" 
 When Jaden activates " O - Oversoul ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! O - Oversoul!" 
 When Jaden activates " Parallel World Fusion ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Parallel World Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Polymerization ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Jaden activates " R - Righteous Justice ", he announces "The Spell Card, R - Righteous Justice!" 
 When Jaden activates " Rainbow Veil ", he announces "I activate my Equip Spell! Rainbow Veil!" 
 When Jaden activates " Reverse of Neos ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell! Reverse of Neos!" 
 When Jaden activates " Skyscraper ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell! Skyscraper!" 
 When Jaden activates " Skyscraper 2 - Hero City ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell, Skyscraper 2 - Hero City!" 
 When Jaden activates " Space Gift ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Space Gift!" 
 When Jaden activates " Spark Blaster ", he announces "I equip Sparkman with the Equip Spell Spark Blaster!"
 When activating the effect of that card, he announces "Spark Blaster's effect activates!" 
 When Jaden activates " Super Polymerization ", he announces "My monster buddies and I have an unbreakable bond!" followed by "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Super Polymerization!" 
 When Jaden activates " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh ", he announces "Here's my Quick-Play Spell, The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh!" 
 When Jaden activates " Wrath of Neos ", he announces "I return Neos to my my deck to destroy all cards!" followed by "Wrath of Neos!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Jaden Summons " Dandylion ", he announces "Dandylion's on the scene!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Dandylion attacks!" . 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dandylion's effect activates!" followed by "I Special Summon 2 Fluff Tokens in Defense position." 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Air Neos ", he announces "Contact Fusion! Fly, Elemental HERO Air Neos"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Air Neos! Skyrip Wing!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Air Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Cosmo Neos ", he announces "Quadruple Contact Fusion! Join me, Elemental HERO Cosmo Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cosmo Neos, attack!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cosmo Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Honest Neos ", he announces "Elemental HERO Honest Neos! You got this!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Honest Neos attacks!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Honest Neos' effect!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Nebula Neos ", he announces "Triple Contact Fusion! Here's Elemental HERO Nebula Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take 'em down Nebula Neos!!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Nebula Neos' effect activates!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Prisma ", he announces "Let's go, Elemental HERO Prisma!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Prisma attacks!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Prisma can change into every colour of the rainbow!" followed by "Reflect Change!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Honest ", he announces "I could sure use your help Honest!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Honest! Honest Crying!" 
 When Jaden activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Honest's effect! I return Honest to the hand!" 
 When Jaden activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Honest's effect from my hand!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Rainbow Neos ", he announces "Rainbow Dragon and Neos, show them the strength of our bond! Here's Rainbow Neos!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Rainbow Neos!" followed by "Rainbow Radiance!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Rainbow Neos uses its effect! Beyond The Rainbow!" 
 When Jaden Summons " Winged Kuriboh LV10 ", he announces "Winged Kuriboh powers up to Winged Kuriboh LV10!"
 Most of the time when Jaden declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em, Winged Kuriboh LV10!" 
 When Jaden activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Winged Kuriboh LV10's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Jaden activates " Contact Gate ", he announces I activate my Spell Card! Contact Gate!" 
 When Jaden activates " Hero Flash!! ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card - Hero Flash!!!" 
 When Jaden activates " Instant Fusion ", he announces I activate my Spell Card - Instant Fusion!" 
 When Jaden activates " Mirror Gate ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Mirror Gate!" 
 When Jaden activates " Skydive Scorcher ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Skydive Scorcher!" 
 When Jaden activates " Transcendent Wings ", he announces "By sending 2 cards in my hand to the graveyard, I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Transcendent Wings!" 
 Trivia 
 When  Jaden Yuki  and Jaden/Yubel were first introduced in the game, they pronounced " Elemental HERO Avian " as "ay-vee-in", the conventional pronunciation of the word "avian". 
 When Jaden/Yubel Summons any of the  Yubel Monsters , a cut-in frame of his face briefly appears, but with  Yubel's  eyes. This is a reference to how Jaden and Yubel merged into the same spirit. 
 Jaden/Yubel has the same dialogue when Duels against  Yami Yugi ,  Yugi Muto (DM) , or  Yugi Muto (DSOD) .
 Winning: "Yugi, I'll never forget this Duel! It's the best gift ever!" 
 Losing: "Yugi, I'll get stronger! So I hope we can Duel again!" 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton,  Yubel , Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo, and Tetsu Trudge are the characters that have character-specific dialogue for Legendary Duelists outside of their respective  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami , Jesse Anderson, Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Antinomy,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a Skill that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi,  Arkana , Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Tristan Taylor (DM) - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor , Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami  - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi,  Téa Gardner (DM) , Yugi Muto (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD)  -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel - Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess cards with 3D cutscenes that aren't preceded by a cut-in frame of the whole character:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Jinzo 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - The Legendary Fisherman 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Silent Magician LV8 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Yubel -  Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ,  Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ,  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Jaden/Yubel - Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera  and  Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/10/JadenYubel-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/318?cb=20190801022018', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4d/Profile-DULI-JadenYubel.png/revision/latest?cb=20190726155510', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/Icon-DULI-JadenYubel.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524134039', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4a/Icon-DULI-JadenYubel2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524142123', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/62/CutIn-DULI-JadenYubel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190726155827', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/CutIn-DULI-JadenYubel2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190801022206', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7f/Summoning-DULI-JadenYubel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190726155638', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/99/Defeat-DULI-JadenYubel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190726155956', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters