Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_Multi-Master

The  Yu-Gi-Oh! Multi-Master  is an electronic handheld game system produced and distributed by Mattel in 2003. It can play 5 different games on three difficulty settings each for a total of 15 challenges. The device itself is shaped like a flattened  Millennium Puzzle , with the buttons folding forward from the back half and the  Eye of Wdjat  flipping up to reveal the 1-bit LCD screen beneath. In the lower right corner of the screen is the Pharaoh,  Yami , who waves at the player whenever a bonus score is earned. Additionally, like many handheld electronic toys, it can play very limited music, though interestingly it seems to be taken from other more reputable video games, like  Dark Duel Stories , through there are only two tracks. It was once carried by mainstream department stores, but now haunts the shelves of Market 6 outlets such as Big Lots! and Family Dollar for less than 5 dollars. The package claims mastering the challenges of the  Multi-Master  is the only true way to become King of Games, but that somehow seems implausible.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Games 
 2   Controls 
 3   Display 
 4   External links 
 
 
 Games 
 The following games are included on the  Multi-Master :
 
 1.  A version of  Tetris 
 2.  A top-scrolling shooter where you must destroy blocks 
 3.  Another top-scrolling shooter where blocks are created to fill in lines to destroy rows of blocks. 
 4.  A very simplified version of  Frogger 
 5.  A very simplified version of  Breakout 
 Each game has three difficulty settings, and high scores are recorded for each. The highest score possible is 99990 points, as this is the highest the digital readout can display. Each difficulty level increases the speed of game progress, except Tetris, which builds up blocks at the bottom of the screen when the game starts.
 
 Controls 
 In addition to four direction keys (up, down, left, right) on the left side of the screen, an Enter and Reset button are used on the right side of the device. Enter is used mainly for selecting on the menu and for performing actions in game, while Reset is used to pause the game, or return to the main menu (hold down for 3 seconds). The exception to this is the third game, where the up and down buttons also attack.
 
 Display 
 The main game display is composed of a grid of blocks, 10 by 13 squares in area. All in-game objects are made of these blocks. On the right, the difficulty level, current score, number of lives (if applicable), and Yami are displayed. Yami seems to serve no purpose but to give the player a thumbs up when he or she does something right and to tie the game in with the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  franchise. On the game select menu, games are represented by a large script number, with the number representing the game as stated in the the Game section above. High Scores are displayed before selecting a game and difficulty level.
 
 External links 
 Official page 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Video games