Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Misprint

An actual  misprint  results from a malformed printing plate. Usually, the printing plate contains a design error made before the plates were manufactured. Plates are inspected and, if necessary, discarded before card production begins. Unfortunately, malformed printing plates pass inspection on occasion, and some cards print with this error. Once the mistake is identified, the defective plate is discarded and replaced by a new one, and misprinted cards are destroyed before they are packaged. These misprints must escape this last quality assurance also, and their rarity gives them their collectible value.
 However, if the printing plate is not destroyed and substituted by a new one, the error cannot be considered as a defect, since production took the conscious decision to continue printing with a malformed plate. Misprints are supposed to happen by a combination of accidental errors before the production starts, and by definition, are supposed to be extremely rare. If production continues while the problem is acknowledged and no intervention occurs, there is no accidental error and cannot be considered defected.
 During production, cards are sometimes printed with flaws. In some cases, these printing errors add no value to the card. Cards, for example, that are printed when the press runs out of ink are not official misprints. Printing presses cannot be easily stopped, so it's very common that cartridges run out of ink before they can be refilled. While quality control usually prevents this situation, it can happen with some regularity since a press needs time to refill properly. Cards that have chopped edges or unevenly cut borders are not misprints. After card sheets are printed, precisely aligned blades cut the sheet into individual cards. At some point, the cutting blades become dull or misaligned, and this results in imprecise cuts and irregular edges.
 Misprinted cards are legal for tournament play. However, the misprinted item is treated as if it was correct. For example, a " Gaia the Fierce Knight " with the name misprinted as " Last Turn " is treated as the former, rather than the latter.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Misprints 
 
 1.1   Official misprints 
 
 1.1.1   Examples 
 
 
 1.2   Spelling mistakes 
 
 1.2.1   Examples 
 
 
 
 
 2   Unofficial misprints 
 
 2.1   Examples 
 2.2   Mismatches 
 
 2.2.1   Examples 
 
 
 2.3   Production test prints 
 
 2.3.1   Examples 
 
 
 
 
 3   Defects not considered to be misprints 
 
 
 Misprints 
 Official misprints 
 To be considered as an official misprint, a card must be printed from an unacknowledged defective plate. Once the error is reported, the defective plate must be discarded and substituted by a new one which does not contain the same error. The defective plate must be destroyed, so the same problem does not persist in the same production run. In most cases, misprints are located and destroyed or are subject to substituted quality controls before they can reach the streets, so the amount of available misprints in the market is very limited.
 
 Examples 
           
 Any card with incorrect text 
 
 The first printing of  Nomi  monster " Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus " from  Structure Deck: Fury from the Deep  with an effect allowing it to be Normal Summoned. 
 " Elemental HERO Wildedge " from  Duelist Pack: Jaden Yuki 2  listed one of its  Fusion Materials  as "Elemental Hero  Edgeman " instead of " Elemental HERO Bladedge ". "Edgeman" is the literal translation of the Japanese name of "Bladedge". 
 " Winged Sage Falcos " from Spanish  Tournament Pack 5  with its name in Portuguese, but the rest of the card in Spanish. 
 " Book of Moon " from German  Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Mega Pack  printed with the effect of " Creature Swap ". 
 " Kaiser Glider " from Italian  Duelist Pack: Kaiba  printed with the effect of " Different Dimension Dragon ". 
 " The Agent of Force - Mars " from Italian  Dark Revelation Volume 2  with "Venere" instead of "Marte" written in its name. 
 " Two-Mouth Darkruler " from  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  printed as a  Dragon  instead of a  Dinosaur . 
 " Chaos Necromancer " from German  Dark Revelation Volume 2  printed as a  Beast  instead of a  Fiend . 
 " Gearfried the Swordmaster " from French  Flaming Eternity  printed as a  Dragon  instead of a  Warrior . 
 " Amazoness Fighter " from  Magician's Force  with 1300  ATK  instead of the correct 1500  ATK . 
 " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " from  Gold Series  with 3000  DEF  instead of the correct 3800  DEF . 
 " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " from Japanese  Structure Deck: Deluxe Set  printed as an effect type  Fusion Monster . 
 " Paleozoic Dinomischus " from Japanese  Extra Pack 2016  printed with the effect allowing it target 1 monster instead of 1 card. 
 " Elemental HERO Great Tornado " from Japanese  Booster SP: Raging Masters  with 2000  DEF  instead of the correct 2200  DEF . 
 " Black Luster Soldier " from Portuguese  Yugi's Legendary Decks  with the effect allowing it to be Special Summoned instead of Ritual Summoned with the " Black Luster Ritual ". 
 " Sea Monster of Theseus " from non-English  TCG   Raging Tempest  with its  Type / Ability  line stating it is simply a [Zombie] monster rather than a [Zombie/Fusion/Tuner] monster. Konami Digital Entertainment is  offering  to exchange the cards for corrected versions in the same language via mail or in-person at European YCS events from Feb. 20, 2017 onward. 
 Any card with incorrect card type symbol 
 
 " Counter Counter " from  Tactical Evolution   1st Edition  with no  Counter Trap Card  symbol on it. This was later added in later runs of the First Edition pack. 
 " Metalmorph " from  Premium Pack (TCG)  with a  Continuous Trap Card  symbol instead of being a  Normal Trap Card . 
           
 Any card with incorrect Attribute 
 
 " Goblin Attack Force " from  Pharaoh's Servant   Unlimited Edition  with the  EARTH  Attribute meshed with a  Level Star . 
 " Kinetic Soldier " from  Champion Pack: Game Four  has the monster's Attribute mistaken as LIGHT instead of the correct EARTH. 
 " Nitro Warrior " from  Duel Terminal 1  has the monster's Attribute printed as WIND instead the correct FIRE. 
 " Metal Dragon " from Japanese  Volume 3  has the monster's Attribute printed as DARK instead the correct WIND. 
 Some copies of " Fireyarou " from Japanese  Volume 3  has the monster's Attribute printed as DARK instead the correct FIRE. 
 Any card with incorrect Level stars 
 
 " Morphing Jar " from Italian  Champion Pack: Game Two  is misprinted as a  Level  3 monster. The correct Level should be 2. 
 " Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind " from Japanese  Duelist Pack: Crow  is misprinted as a  Level  4 monster. The correct Level should be 3. 
 Any card with incorrect art 
 
 Some copies of " Book of Secret Arts " from  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  &  Starter Deck: Yugi  were printed without the feather above the book. 
 Some copies of " Sword of Dark Destruction " from  Starter Deck: Yugi  were printed without the electric aura around the sword and with a different background color. 
 " Fiend Reflection #2 " from  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  reprinted in  Legendary Collection  with a part of the art shifted to the side. 
 " Turtle Tiger " from  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  reprinted in  Legendary Collection  with a part of the art shifted to the side and printed with incorrect colors. 
 " Mausoleum of the Emperor " from  Turbo Pack: Booster Two  has the art out of place. 
 " Dark Paladin " from the  1st Edition  release of  Magician's Force  which featured an alternate art intended exclusively as the  Duel Master's Guide  promotional card . The art was corrected in the unlimited edition. Also for a limited period after the release of  Magician's Force   Upper Deck Entertainment  replaced the misprinted " Dark Paladin " for anyone who sent it back to them with the  1st Edition  corrected art version which is very hard to find because of the limited amount produced. 
 Some copies of " Cyberdark End Dragon " and " Cyber End Dragon " from the  Structure Deck: Cyber Strike  share partial artwork of each other. 
           
 Any card with an incorrect card frame 
 
 " Neos Wiseman " from Korean  Premium Pack Vol.6  is printed with purple color as a  Fusion Monster , instead of a regular  Effect Monster . 
 Some copies of " Colossal Fighter " from  Starter Deck: Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  were printed with blue color  POKER challenge  logo and backside card pattern print over the original artwork. 
 Any card of incorrect  rarity 
 
 Some copies of all  Super Rares  and  Ultra Rares  from  Duel Terminal 7  don't have the  Shatterfoil  film over the card. 
 Some copies of all  Super Rares  from  Champion Pack: Game Six  were printed as  Ultra Rares . 
 Spelling mistakes 
 Sometimes cards contain spelling mistakes. However, these are not considered misprints, because they occur on all cards in that print run. Usually cards only have one or two letters misplaced, which is often difficult to notice.
 
 Examples 
 Cards with spelling mistakes in their lore 
 The English print of " Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End " from  The Lost Millennium: Special Edition  with the word "your" spelled "yoru" in its card text. 
 The English print of " Exodia the Forbidden One " from  Master Collection Volume 1  has "you hand" instead of "your hand" in its card text. 
 The English print of " Koa'ki Meiru Gravirose " has "you hand" instead of "your hand" in its card text. 
 The English print of " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 " from  Soul of the Duelist  has 3 m's in the word "Summoned" in its card text. 
 The English print of " Riryoku Field " from  Starter Deck: Kaiba Evolution  has 3 l's in the word "Spell" in the card text. 
 The English print of " Ancient Gear Factory " from  Structure Deck: Machine Re-Volt  has "Smmon" instead of "Summon" in the card text. 
 The English print of " Destiny HERO - Plasma " from the  Collectible Tins 2007  has a missing word ("this card gains equal to") as well as several grammatical errors ("negate all the effect of face-up effect monster"). 
 The English print of " Blue-Eyes Toon Dragon " from the  Legendary Collection  reprint of  Spell Ruler  has "your must select the Toon Monster" instead of "you must select the Toon Monster" in its card text. 
 The English print of " Hot Red Dragon Archfiend " from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's - Volume 006  has "destoy" instead of "destroy" in its card text. 
 The English print of " Baxia, Brightness of the Yang Zing " from  Duelist Alliance  has "Syncro" instead of "Synchro" on its Type text. 
 The English print of " Dance Princess of the Nekroz " from  Secrets of Eternity  and  2015 Mega-Tin Mega Pack  has "Necroz" instead of " Nekroz " in one instance in its card text. 
 The English print of " The Prime Monarch " from  Emperor of Darkness Structure Deck  and  OTS Tournament Pack 2  has "Crards" instead of "Cards" in its card text. 
             
 Cards with typographical errors in their  Card Numbers 
 The Portuguese print of " One-Eyed Shield Dragon " from  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  uses the English Card Number instead (LOB-087). 
 The Portuguese print of " Doma The Angel of Silence " from  Metal Raiders  lacks the P in its Card Number (PMT-015). 
 Some English prints of " Twin-Headed Behemoth " from  Rise of the Dragon Lords Structure Deck  have an extra 0 in their Card Number (SDRL-EN0010). 
 English prints of " Painful Choice " from  Dark Beginning 1  have an "O" instead of a "0" in the card number (DB1-ENO33). 
 
 Unofficial misprints 
 Due to the nature of the printing process, the press needs to be constantly supervised and re-calibrated. The printing plates are supposed to be perfectly aligned to respect each others position. From time to time, due to the printing press vibrations, one of the plates loses its proper alignment, producing cards with their names, artwork or texts out of their original positions. These cards can be considered as a production failure, but not as official misprints, since the printing plates are not defective. The plates just need to be re-aligned. 
 Also note a massive press cannot be easily stopped. Once it starts to run, it moves very fast. Stopping a press in the middle of production is an unlikely situation. If the press runs out if ink, the production is not stopped. Usually, the press continues its work while being refilled. For this reason, several sheets can be partially printed with parts of their artwork or texts missing. These sheets are usually located and separated from the rest before being cut and packed, but from time to time few of these cards may reach the streets. Refilling the press can cause the exact opposite situation, cards printed with excess of ink. Both of these situations can be considered as bad quality printings, but not official misprints.
 Similar as the ink filling problem, the press is fed with several different paper rolls of different weight. The paper rolls are also mixed with an Aluminum foil roll to produce the Yu-Gi-Oh! foil cards. Sometimes, one of the rolls runs out and is later replaced, producing as a result cards thinner or thicker than usual, cards that have the foil on top or back of the card, or cards without any foil at all.
 
 Examples 
             
 Any card with text (title or lore) or art out of place 
 
 Some copies of " Gemini Elf ", " Magic Cylinder ", " Ring of Destruction " and " Lava Golem " from  Invasion of Chaos: Special Edition  have the name out of the card name box. 
 Some copies of  Gold Rares  from  Gold Series 4: Pyramids Edition  have double names, one of them printed at the bottom of the card name box. 
 Some copies of  Secret Rares  from  Hidden Arsenal  have multiple names. 
 Some copies of  Ghost/Gold Rares  from  Gold Series: Haunted Mine  have the art out of place. 
 Any card with missing name or description, or inappropriate amount of color (ink flaw) 
 
 " Raigeki " from  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  with its name printed in black instead of white. 
 " Dark Spirit of the Silent " from  Labyrinth of Nightmare  with its name printed in black instead of white. 
 Some copies of cards of all rarities except  Common ,  Super Rare  and their Parallel Rare versions have no name stamped or printed with no ink in the title name. 
 Some cards are printed with yellow ink stains or with missing ink spots on the front side. 
 Mismatches 
 Several different printing plates are used to produce one sheet of cards. A plate set for a specific run of cards is usually composed of four plates - one for each color, plus one or two extra plates for the special finish of some cards (gold or silver lettering, shining cover for parallel rares, etc). Sometimes, one of the printing plates does not belong to the same set. By mistake, one of the plates is mounted on the press from a different sheet set. As a result, several sheets are printed with their names switched with other cards, sometimes of different rarity. In these cases, once the error is discovered, the wrong plate is switched back with the correct one and the production continues. In fact, in most cases, this type of error is easily detected during the initial test run of a sheet and immediately fixed, but few cards can be missed and accidentally packed, hence the reason why mismatches can be easily found on the streets. These cards do not count as official misprints for two reasons: the plates aren't defective and there's no need to create a new one and the correct plate simply is placed back on its correspondent position, and in most cases the mismatch was produced as part of an initial test printing. Cards printed during the initial test are supposed to be discarded before the main production begins (see below Production test prints).
 
 Examples 
             
 Any card with incorrect name 
 
 Some copies of " Black Magic Ritual " from  Premium Pack (TCG)  were printed with the wrong name " Marshmallon ". 
 Some copies of " Dragon Ice " from the 1st edition  Gladiator's Assault  were printed with the wrong name " Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union ". 
 Some  Ghost Rare  copies of " Elemental HERO Chaos Neos " from the 1st Edition  Gladiator's Assault  were printed with the wrong name " Rainbow Dragon ". 
 Some  Ghost Rare  copies of " Rainbow Dragon " from the  Tactical Evolution: Special Edition  were printed with the wrong artwork of " Elemental HERO Chaos Neos ". This effect monster misprint is much harder to find than its misprinted Fusion monster counterpart. 
 All 30  Rares  from the  Dark Beginning 1  set reprinted in the English language European  Collectible Tins 2005  have their names swapped with the names of the Rares from  Dark Beginning 2 . 
 
             
 Any card with incorrect title name rarity 
 
 Some copies of " Tri-Horned Dragon " and " Gaia the Dragon Champion " from the unlimited edition  Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon  set reprinted in the  2002 Collectible Tin  have the title name printed in  Ultra Rare  instead of  Secret Rare  lettering foil. 
 Some copies of all 18  Rares  from the unlimited edition  Tactical Evolution  set reprinted in the  Collectible Tins 2007  have the title name printed in  Secret Rare  lettering foil. 
             
 Any card with incorrect or missing foil finish 
 
 Some  Ultra Rare  copies of " Maximum Six " from the unlimited edition  Light of Destruction  were printed without the foil finish. 
 The early print of  1st Edition  German  Cosmo Blazer  had all of the  Secret Rares  printed with foil sheet of the other  Secret Rares  instead of their own. For example " Diamond Dire Wolf " that uses the background foil finish of " Mystical Fairy Elfuria ". This error was fixed in the subsequent 1st edition release of the set after the  Sneak Peek . 
 Some copies of " Raigeki " from  Dark Beginning 1  were printed with the Attribute symbol with foil covering. 
 Some  Ultra Rare  copies of " Infernity Dwarf " and " Infernity Guardian " from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Stardust Accelerator promotional cards  set were printed with the Attribute symbol with foil covering. 
 Some cards are printed in  1st Edition , but instead of the golden square at the bottom right corner they have the silver square, like an Unlimited Edition card. Reciprocally, some cards are printed in Unlimited Edition, but instead of the silver square at the bottom right corner have the golden square, like a 1st Edition card.
 
 Production test prints 
 Since preparing the press to print a specific set of cards is a labor that takes several hours, prior to the main run, several test sheets are printed to determine if the printing press has been properly calibrated. This production test includes all possible variations a card may have. The most common is a series of CMYK stripes initially printed to corroborate if the press has the appropriate amount of ink all over the printing roll. Once it has been tested, these production tests are discarded and trashed. However, since cut and packing is part of the entire production line, sometimes few of these test cards can be packed by accident, and are included in few boosters. Few of these  Test Prints  have significant value, since they are have no actual purpose except for being a curiosity.
 
             
 Examples 
 A blank card with no face, any rarity. 
 A blank card with no back, any rarity. 
 A card partially blank with a misplaced face (offset front side). 
 A card with regular CMYK color stripes, any rarity. 
 A card with reversed order CMYK color stripes, any rarity. 
 A card with horizontal CMYK color stripes, any rarity. 
 A card with one of the elements missing (no lore). 
 A card with only one of the elements present (just the artwork). 
 A card with the text  SAMPLE  printed on the back side. 
 Defects not considered to be misprints 
 Any card with a foil sheet all over the front or stamped through the back of the card (paper flaw) 
 
 A  Super Rare  " Don Zaloog " from  Dark Beginning 2  with foil all over the card's front. 
 Any card improperly cut, cards with irregular edges or corners 
 
 A " Mirror Force " from  Gold Series  cut off-center. 
 An " Imperial Order " from  Pharaoh's Servant  cut in half. 
 While cards with both front and back sides cut off-center are not considered misprints but miscuts, those with an offset face but a regular back side are considered misprints since they were cut properly, but the paper sheet was misplaced during the front side printing.
 
 Asian-English cards 
 
 English language cards with a Japanese back are not misprints, they are  Asian-English  cards intentionally printed that way. They are produced in limited amounts exclusively for Asian countries outside of Japan, China and South Korea.
 
 Previous versions of card text intentionally printed prior to their errata 
 
 Errata  are changes to a card's elements, description or effect wording, usually to make the card rulings easier to understand for the players. Cards which were intentionally printed that way prior to any change and are not considered misprints, but cards with unintentional mistakes later fixed by errata are considered misprints.
 
 v e 
Gameplay and terminology Card layout 
 Colors 
 Artwork
 Original 
 Alternate 
 Attribute 
 Property 
 Level  ( Negative † ) /  Rank  /  Link Rating 
 Original 
 Card Number 
 Type 
 Ability 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Link Arrow 
 Card text 
 Pendulum Effect 
 Material 
 Card effect 
 ATK  /  DEF 
 Original 
 Passcode 
 Limitation text 
 Eye of Anubis Hologram 
 Card backing 
 QR code 
 Abbreviated names 
 Renames 
 Modified artworks 
 Errata 
 Simplified Effect Text 
 Problem-Solving Card Text 
 Misprint 
 Rarities 
 Common 
 Normal Rare  /  Short Print 
 Rare 
 Super Rare 
 Ultra Rare 
 Secret Rare 
 Ultimate Rare 
 Holographic Rare  /  Ghost Rare 
 Parallel Rare 
 Gold Rare 
 other rarities... 
 1st Edition 
 Unlimited Edition 
 Limited Edition 
 Duel Terminal Edition 
 Case Topper 
 Giant Card 
 Official Proxy 
 Cover card 
 Statuses 
 Legal 
 Unlimited 
 Semi-Limited 
 Limited 
 Forbidden 
 Illegal 
 Format
 Advanced 
 Traditional 
 Status lists... 
 Card types 
 Monster 
 Alignments † 
 Divine 
 Earth 
 Fire 
 Forest 
 Thunder 
 Water 
 Wind 
 Black Magic 
 Demon Magic 
 Illusion Magic 
 White Magic 
 Attributes 
 DARK 
 DIVINE 
 EARTH 
 FIRE 
 LAUGH † 
 LIGHT 
 WATER 
 WIND 
 Types 
 Aqua 
 Beast 
 Beast-Warrior 
 Charisma † 
 Creator God 
 Cyberse 
 Dinosaur 
 Divine-Beast 
 Dragon 
 Fairy 
 Fiend 
 Fish 
 Insect 
 Machine 
 Plant 
 Psychic 
 Pyro 
 Reptile 
 Rock 
 Sea Serpent 
 Spellcaster 
 Thunder 
 Warrior 
 Winged Beast 
 Wyrm 
 Zombie 
 Black Magic † 
 Celestial Warrior † 
 Cyborg † 
 Dragon Magic † 
 High Dragon † 
 Galaxy † 
 Human † 
 Illusion Magic † 
 Immortal † 
 Magical Knight † 
 Omega Psychic † 
 Sea Beast † 
 White Magic † 
 Yokai † 
 Monster types 
 Normal 
 Effect 
 Non-Effect 
 Ritual 
 Fusion 
 Synchro 
 Dark † 
 Accel † 
 Delta Accel † 
 Limit Over Accel † 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Token 
 Spell † 
 Trap 
 Field † 
 Pseudo 
 Monster subtypes 
 Tuner 
 Dark † 
 Special Summon 
 Armor † 
 Plus † 
 Minus † 
 Plus Minus † 
 Abilities 
 Flip 
 Toon 
 Spirit 
 Union 
 Gemini 
 
 Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Field 
 Equip 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Link † 
 Trap 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Counter 
 Field † 
 Monster † 
 Equip † 
 Other † 
 Equip 
 Illusion 
 Ritual 
 Speed Spell 
 Normal 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Trap Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Virus 
 Normal 
 Field 
 Non-game 
 Character 
 Checklist 
 FAQ 
 Strategy 
 Tip 
 Related 
 Archetype 
 Series 
 Card evolutions 
 Support 
 Anti-support 
 ? 
 ??? † 
 ∞ † 
 
 Game mechanics 
 General 
 Match 
 Duel 
 DRAW 
 Surrender 
 LP 
 Counter 
 Damage 
 Battle 
 Piercing 
 Effect 
 Card limits
 Deck
 Minimum 
 Maximum 
 Hand 
 Three-card rule 
 Spell Speed 
 Position 
 Face-down 
 Face-up 
 Battle position 
 Attack Position 
 Defense Position 
 Public knowledge 
 Areas 
 Deck
 Main 
 Extra 
 Side 
 Field 
 In Play 
 Hand 
 Graveyard 
 Banished 
 Limbo † 
 Attached 
 Zones 
 Deck 
 Extra Deck 
 Monster 
 Main Monster 
 Extra Monster 
 Spell & Trap 
 Field 
 Pendulum 
 Column 
 Turns 
 Count 
 Player 
 Phase 
 Draw 
 Normal draw 
 Standby 
 Main 1 
 Battle 
 Start Step 
 Battle Step 
 Damage Step 
 Damage calculation 
 End Step 
 Main 2 
 End 
 Actions 
 Owner 
 Possess 
 Control 
 Look 
 Reveal 
 Pick up a card 
 Excavate 
 Add a card 
 Draw a card 
 Shuffle 
 Cut 
 Random 
 Summon 
 Set 
 Flip 
 Change battle position 
 Send 
 Discard 
 Tribute 
 Destroy 
 By battle 
 Banish 
 Attach 
 Detach 
 Transfer 
 Equip 
 Unequip 
 Leave the field 
 Bounce 
 Spin 
 Return 
 Linked 
 Co-linked 
 Extra Link 
 Points to 
 Attack 
 Direct 
 Target 
 Replay 
 Double † 
 Battle 
 Activate 
 Pay 
 Declare 
 Select 
 Target 
 Respond 
 Chain 
 Link 
 Resolve 
 Unaffected 
 Negate 
 
 Card  effects 
 Types 
 Condition 
 Archetype 
 Archetype-exclusion 
 Level 
 Name 
 Rank 
 Summoning 
 Common 
 Normal 
 Special 
 Fusion 
 Strict 
 Ritual 
 Victory 
 Cost 
 Maintenance cost 
 Monster 
 Continuous 
 like 
 Ignition 
 Like 
 Quick 
 Like 
 Trigger 
 Like 
 Flip 
 Pseudo 
 Unclassified 
 Control only one 
 Field-Unique 
 Match winner 
 Summon monster 
 Unconfirmed 
 Mandatory 
 Optional 
 Lingering 
 Once per turn 
 Speeds 
 Spell Speed 1 
 Fast effect 
 Spell Speed 2 
 Spell Speed 3 
 Timing 
 Game state 
 Priority 
 Fast effect timing 
 Post-resolution window 
 Summon negation window 
 Summon response window 
 Attack declaration window 
 SEGOC 
 Missing the timing 
 
 Summoning 
 Types 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Set 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Flip 
 Special 
 By own condition 
 Fusion 
 Ritual 
 Synchro 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Contact Fusion † 
 Transformation † 
 Double Tuning † 
 Dark Synchro † 
 Phantom Synchro † 
 Accel Synchro † 
 Delta † 
 Limit Over † 
 Xyz Evolution † 
 Rank-Up † 
 Rank-Down † 
 Cross Xyz † 
 Dimension † 
 Integration † 
 Overscale Pendulum † 
 Transcendent Pendulum † 
 Reincarnation Link † 
 Mechanics 
 Summoning Rules 
 Double Tributer 
 Material 
 Fusion 
 Substitute 
 Synchro 
 Substitute 
 Xyz 
 Link 
 Normal Summon Monster 
 Special Summon-only 
 Nomi 
 Ignoring its Summoning conditions 
 
 Other 
 Activation & Targeting Eligibility 
 Activation requirement 
 Difference between Costs and Effects 
 Chains, Activation, and Resolution 
 Chaining to your own Cards 
 Counter Traps and Chains 
 Summons & Chains 
 Engine 
 Draw 
 Advantage
 Card 
 Field 
 Hand 
 One Turn Kill 
 First 
 Zero 
 Lockdown 
 Loop
 Controlled loop 
 Infinite loop 
 "Negate" vs. "Destroy" and Continuous Cards 
 Negating Continuous Card Costs 
 Fusion Material Monsters & Ritual Spell Tributes 
 
 †  Does not exist or is not official in the  OCG  or  TCG See also {{ Card lists }} and {{ Monsters and Monster Cards }}
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/TwoMouthDarkruler-LOB-NA-C-1E.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090329050228', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/39/GoblinAttackForce-PSV-NA-UR-UE-Misprint.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20100614225201', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/51/NeosWiseman-PP06-KR-UR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170319192449', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/TwinHeadedBehemoth-SDRL-EN-C-1E-Misprint.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20090202034106', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fb/RingofDestruction-IOC-NA-UR-LE-Misprint.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161223155322', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ad/BlackMagicRitual-PP01-EN-ScR-UE-MISPRINT.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170627211245', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b5/GaiatheDragonChampion-LOB-EN-ScUR.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20061211064125', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5a/ConstellarStarCradle-HA07-EN-SR-1E-Misprint.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190109181223', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/Blank-EN-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151129183006']
Categories: