Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ZEXAL_-_Episode_115


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 115 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 シャークとＩＶ 天下騒乱！！ 地獄ザメタッグ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Shāku to Fō Tenka Sōran!! Jigoku Zame Taggu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Shark and IV's World-Shaking Mayhem!! Hell-Shark Tag Team 
 
 
 English 
 Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 115 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 4, 2013 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 July 21, 2014 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Dual-ism of Mirrors " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " GO WAY GO WAY " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Halfway To Forever " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Storyboard 
 Momoko Makiuchi 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " 
 " Now or Never, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 ", known as " Shark and IV's World-Shaking Mayhem!! Hell-Shark Tag Team " in the Japanese version, is the one hundredth and fifteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. It first aired in Japan on August 4, 2013 and aired online on Hulu on July 21, 2014.
 The poison trap set up by  the enemy  is slowly eating away at Shark and  Rio 's bodies! As if to ridicule them, the enemy's already mighty attack intensifies, resulting in Shark and  Quattro 's LP being cut down significantly. However, Shark has doubts towards his own existence, believing he can't bring out the power he needs. And when he's driven into the greatest corner yet, he finds himself incapable of summoning the  Mythyrian Numbers  he got from the Ruins.
 
 Summary 
 Quattro  is confused about how two new monsters split from the " Number 4: Stealth Kragen " he just  destroyed .  Yuma  is confused as well, and  Chironex  explains the  effect  of "Stealth Kragen". When it is destroyed, it  Special Summons  a number of " Kragen Spawn " or "Stealth Kragen" from the  Extra Deck  or  Graveyard  equal to the number of  Overlay Units  that "Stealth Kragen" had, with one Overlay Unit each. Since "Stealth Kragen" had two Overlay Units, Chironex Special Summons two copies of "Kragen Spawn" in  Attack Position . Chironex adds that "Kragen Spawn" shares the same effect as "Stealth Kragen" and continues that among some jellyfish, there is a high-ranking one capable of dividing in two, regenerating from the original. When a high class grows too old, they can become young again. Chironex tells  Shark  and Quattro not to be surprised; jellyfish lack hearts or brains. Quattro calls Chironex not for boasting about not having a brain. Chironex is offended at the remark and repeats his question, "Who do you think you are?!" while calling Quattro a "little punk" (Chironex lecturing Shark and Quattro about the jellyfish is cut from the dub). Quattro reminds himself about the devastating effects Chironex's monsters have; if he does not deplete his opponent's  LP  fast enough, he will lose. Quattro activates the effect of " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder ", with his palm releasing a burst of energy. He detaches an Overlay Unit to destroy all other  Xyz Monsters  on the field and inflict their combined ATK as damage to their controllers. Quattro yells at Chironex to break apart as "Giant Grinder" pulls the "Kragen Spawn" into its chest cavity and grinds them up. He declares, " Destruction Cannon !" and "Giant Grinder" fires a blast of crimson energy from its cannon at Chironex, reducing him to 2300 LP. Quattro is satisfied that he inflicted this much damage to Chironex.  Trey  congratulates his brother on a job well done. Chironex activates the effects of the two destroyed "Kragen Spawn", Special Summoning "Stealth Kragen" from the Graveyard and a third "Kragen Spawn" from his Extra Deck. He boasts that he will fill the entire world with jellyfish (in the dub, Chironex asks if his opponents like jellyfish; they will be there until they are through). Quattro  Sets  a card and ends his turn.
 Trey says no matter how many times Quattro and Shark destroy Chironex's monsters, they will keep coming back. Yuma wonders what they will do next. Shark shakes from the poison's effects and thinks he cannot lose the Duel; he must save  Rio . At the hospital, Rio continues to suffer from the effects of the poison. While doctors check up on Rio,  Tori  stands outside of her room and contacts Yuma through her  Duel Gazer . She informs Yuma that Rio's condition is worsening; the doctors are saying there is nothing they can do and urges him and the others to cure Rio and Shark. Back at the  Kastle's mansion , Yuma says this is bad; Shark and Quattro are in trouble even before they finish the match. Upon seeing Shark continuing to suffer from the poison, Yuma calls Chironex out for a low tactic such as this and yells at him to fight fair and square. The aquatic  Barian  laughs in response (this is cut from the dub). Quattro tells Shark that while he may be worn out, his sister is about to die; this is something they cannot change and they must win (in the dub, Quattro urges Shark to stay strong. Since Chironex will not give up, Shark must save being sick for another day). Shark replies that he does not need anyone to tell him that; he is confident that he will not lose. Yuma mutters Shark's name. Shark mentally admits that Chironex is a formidable opponent (in the dub, Shark still thinks he can talk tough), and there is no telling how long his body can hold out. Shark's vision starts to blur and he remembers that Chironex's monsters will keep coming back if they are destroyed. If Shark does not defeat Chironex fast enough, he will die from the poison. Suddenly, Shark remembers the " Number " he got from the  undersea ruins , " Number 73: Abyss Splash ". If he Summons it, he may have a chance. Shark starts his turn,  draws  " Skull Kraken " and Sets it. Quattro chides Shark for lacking his usual vigor; he can attack Chironex this turn. Even if Chironex keeps on reviving his monsters, Quattro will smash him with his fist (in the dub, Quattro advises Shark to go on the offensive when he still has the strength and to show Chironex what it takes to beat him). Chironex chuckles at the sight of Quattro and Shark bickering and calls it unsightly. He activates the  Continuous Trap Card , " Receding Tide ". This allows Chironex to  flip  a monster Shark Set this turn into  face-up   Defense Position , while preventing any Flip effects from activating. He takes notice of the  DARK   Attribute  of "Skull Kraken" and wonders if Shark gave up on the WATER Attribute because he is afraid of the effect of "Stealth Kragen". Addressing Shark as "junior", Chironex calls him simple-minded (in the dub, Chironex calls Shark a "scaredy-shark"). Quattro reluctantly admits that Chironex is right and chides Shark for his strategy (in the dub, Quattro expresses more concern for Shark; he does not care about Shark's condition, since he must save Rio). Shark yells at Quattro to shut up and ends his turn. As the poison continues to take hold, Shark thinks he is losing his vision, but he must endure the poison until he gets a chance to defeat Chironex.
 Chironex disdainfully says Shark does not know when to die. After drawing, he states that he will put Shark out of his misery. He activates " Jelly Rain ", which lets him change the Attributes of all monsters currently on the field to WATER. It starts to rain, changing the Attributes of "Giant Grinder" and "Skull Kraken" from DARK to WATER. Chironex chuckles and says he will finish both Shark and Quattro off, starting with Quattro. He activates the effect of "Stealth Kragen" and targets "Giant Grinder". "Stealth Kragen" stabs "Giant Grinder" on the chest with its tentacles and destroys it, while inflicting 1500 damage to Quattro. "Stealth Kragen" then fires a beam from its core at Quattro, reducing him to 500 LP. Chironex goes for Shark next, this time using the effect of "Kragen Spawn" to destroy "Skull Kraken" and inflict its 600 ATK as damage. Trey says this isn't good; Shark only has 400 LP left. Yuma exclaims that Shark will lose if the effect goes through. "Kragen Spawn" extends its tentacles to destroy Shark's monster, but Quattro musters enough strength to activate his face-down " Shade of Strings ". This prevents "Skull Kraken" from being destroyed by card effects this turn. Red strings bind the tentacles of "Kragen Spawn" together and destroy them. Shark is surprised that Quattro saved him. A frustrated Chironex decides to attack Shark instead (in the dub, Chironex says Quattro is delaying the inevitable; his opponents will go down anyway). He commands "Stealth Kragen" to attack "Skull Kraken" with " Tentacle Surge ". "Stealth Kragen" glows purple, then attacks "Skull Kraken" with devastating whips from its tentacles, destroying it. Quattro says this isn't good; Shark's field is empty. Chironex orders "Kragen Spawn" to  attack directly . "Kragen Spawn" charges at Shark, while Quattro yells his name. Shark activates his Set "Deep Current" to  negate  the attack and end the  Battle Phase ; a tornado of water blocks the attack. Disappointed, Chironex calls Shark persistent, Sets two cards and ends his turn.
 Shark feels a surge of pain and falls on his back. Quattro and Yuma yells his name. Back at the hospital, Rio is in the same predicament. Tori informs Yuma that Rio's condition is getting even worse; there is no time. After hearing the message, Yuma encourages Shark to save his sister. However, Shark continues to lay on his back, thinking his body will not listen to him. He doubts that he can save Rio now. Quattro calls Shark pathetic and yells at Chironex that he will get a better taste of his "fanservice" this time. He begins his turn and activates " Gimmick Puppet Ritual ", since he has less than 2000 LP. He Special Summons "Giant Grinder". Red strings descend from the sky and pull "Giant Grinder" out of a Graveyard portal. Chironex says "Giant Grinder" is not strong enough to defeat any of his monsters. Quattro tells him not to get ahead of himself and  Tributes  "Giant Grinder" to Special Summon " Gimmick Puppet Nightmare ". He adds that if "Nightmare" was Summoned this way, it can be treated as two Overlay Units for an Xyz Summon (the actual monster is cut from the dub). Trey cheers Quattro on, while Shark mutters, "Quattro..." Quattro overlays his "Nightmare" to Xyz Summon " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings ". Trey exclaims that Quattro can win the Duel with its effect. Chironex disagrees and activates his Set " Jelly Bind ", as he controls a WATER monster. It prevents "Strings" from attacking or using its effects. Tentacles splash out from beneath "Strings" and bind it. Chironex proceeds to call "Strings" a truly useless puppet. Discontented with the current situation, Quattro Sets a card and ends his turn.
 Chironex reminds Shark that it is his turn, then asks him what's wrong and laughs. He remembers that his poison has now taken full effect on Shark's body; Shark may not be able to stand up. Shark struggles to rise, but falls down again. Quattro yells Shark's name. Chironex laughs triumphantly; the jellyfish has beaten the shark. Quattro berates Shark for his current state; he isn't even a man. He calls him a useless brother for not being able to save his sister and orders him to get up harshly. Yuma is disgusted by Quattro's attitude; how can Quattro say how he knows how Shark feels about Rio? Quattro replies that he's aware of that. He understands now, since he is Shark's number 1 fan. He was the one who opposed Shark and hurt Rio. Because of that, he had to carry the scar on his face for the rest of his life. Shark fights caring more about his sister than about himself. Quattro also thanks Yuma and  Astral  for intervening; because of that, he was able to get his family back together (Quattro does not mention his family in the dub). He yells at Shark to rise again because he fought for his family all this time. The real Shark would never give up on his sister. Quattro screams at Shark to stand up for a third time. Shark finally gathers enough strength to get up, to the relief of his friends. He calls Quattro a nosy person. Chironex cries, "Impossible!" in disbelief ("You're getting up?!" in the dub). Shark says he is not ready to lie around just yet; Chironex curses at Shark. Quattro says if this is the case, he and Shark must finish the Duel so Shark can take a nap. Shark replies that he will take up the offer and mentally promises to save Rio.
 Shark finally begins his turn and draws " Big Jaws ". He activates " Sea Lord's Amulet ", which prevents WATER monsters he controls from being targeted by card effects this turn. Shark says a shark never lets its prey escape once it's caught until it chews it (removed from the dub). He then activates " Edict of Atlantis ", which lets Shark increase the Levels of any WATER monsters he Summoned this turn by 2. Since he activated a  Normal Spell Card , Shark Special Summons "Big Jaws" from his hand in Attack Position. He increases its Level by 2, to 5, using the effect of "Edict of Atlantis". Shark follows up by  Normal Summoning  " Panther Shark " without Tributing, as Chironex controls two or more monsters. Yuma exclaims that Shark has two Level 5 monsters, while Quattro is pleased that the old Shark is back. Shark overlays his two Level 5 monsters to Xyz Summon "Number 73: Abyss Splash". Chironex trembles at the sight of Shark's newly Summoned monster. Shark reiterates the monster's name and recounts that he received the card from the underwater ruins. It contains his memories, but Shark quickly brushes the thought off and declares his name (Shark does not tell Chironex this story in the dub). He vows to save Rio as she sheds a tear back at the hospital. Shark turns to Quattro and affirms his vow to win. Quattro agrees. Chironex is disgusted seeing his opponents, juniors, getting so excited. He activates his Set " Jelly Hole ", as a WATER Xyz Monster was Special Summoned. It negates the effects of all face-up cards his opponents control this turn. Tentacles bind "Abyss Splash" and "Edict of Atlantis", negating their effects. Chironex activates the effect of "Stealth Kragen" to destroy "Abyss Splash". Shark counters by activating the  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Cascade Barrier " to protect "Abyss Splash" from being destroyed by card effects once. A waterfall appears in front of "Abyss Splash" and blocks the tentacles launched by "Stealth Kragen". Shark continues that the ATK of "Abyss Splash" will be reduced to 0 this turn. Chironex activates the effect of "Kragen Spawn" to destroy "Abyss Splash". He says that while Shark will take no damage, he will lose the only monster he has. The tentacles of "Kragen Spawn" stab "Abyss Splash" on the chest and destroy it. Shark and Quattro smile at each other. The latter activates his Set " Celestial Strings ", since he controls a "Gimmick Puppet" Xyz Monster. This lets him Special Summon an Xyz Monster from the Graveyard. "Gimmick Puppet of Strings" breaks free of its bindings, launches strings from its hand and pulls "Abyss Splash" out of a Graveyard portal. Trey and Yuma comment that Quattro and Shark are amazing. Quattro adds that "Celestial Strings" will attach "Gimmick Puppet of Strings" and its Overlay Unit to "Abyss Splash" (in the dub, no mention of "Celestial Strings" itself becoming an Overlay Unit is made, though it still does become one). Shark activates the effect of "Abyss Splash" twice, detaching an Overlay Unit to double its ATK for each Overlay Unit detached until the End Phase. Chironex exclaims that "Abyss Splash" has 9600 ATK. Shark and Quattro command "Abyss Splash" to attack "Stealth Kragen" with " Final Fall ". "Abyss Splash" releases a wave of purple energy from its trident at "Stealth Kragen", destroying it and knocking Chironex back. As his LP hit 0, he reverts to his human form.
 Chironex's "Number" card appears and floats to Quattro, who takes it. He glances to Shark, who has shaken off the poison. At a hospital, a nurse reports that Rio's heart rate and blood pressure have returned to normal. A doctor says he cannot believe how the poison was counteracted. Tori brings the good news to Yuma, who nods in agreement and tells Shark that Rio is fine. Quattro says that Shark made him work hard during the Duel, but he got sloppy (in the dub, Quattro tells Shark that Rio should be grateful for whoever saved her. He also tells Shark that he hoped that he took notes on how a Duel should be played). Shark is upset at Quattro for butting in without permission. Quattro responds that this is the same old Shark; he is not charming and will not die. Trey wonders if the two are on good terms (in the dub, Trey tells Yuma that Shark and Quattro argue more often than him and Astral). He turns to Yuma, who is saddened that Astral is not here. He recalls some of the times when Astral stood by his side and encouraged him during their Duels. Trey is worried over Yuma.
 Chironex rises and curses to himself that he lost to Shark. When Shark gives him a cold stare, Chironex gasps in surprise. Years ago, Chironex was being chased by the police after messing up a crime. Upon seeing a fleet of police cars up ahead, he panicked, drove off the bridge and landed on the one below it. Chironex remembers that Shark was in the car he crashed into. He mutters that Shark cannot be the same kid who died in the accident; if Shark really died, he wouldn't be standing in front of him right now. Shark asks what Chironex means. Chironex says he remembers the name "Reginald Kastle" now. After the accident, he learned that the entire Kastle family was killed and Shark should be dead (Chironex does not mention the Kastle family's deaths in the dub). Shark yells at Chironex to stop screwing around. The Barian falls to his knees, in utter disbelief that Shark is still alive before disappearing. Shark yells at Chironex to wait, but the Barian is gone before he can reach him. Shark wonders what Chironex really meant. He notices the fountain in front of him and tears off some of the vines covering it. Shark is shocked to see a familiar emblem in front of him. That emblem was the coat of arms he saw in his past life. Quattro asks Shark what's wrong. Shark thinks that the king's emblem and his family's emblem are the same. Yuma and Trey wonder what's wrong with Shark as well and Shark falls to his knees, thinking he could be a Barian.
 
 Featured Duel: Chironex vs. Shark and Quattro 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode . 
 Turn 3: Quattro 
Chironex explains that the second effect of " Kragen Spawn " is the same as the second effect of " Number 4: Stealth Kragen ". Quattro activates the effect of " Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder " ("Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder": 1 → 0 ORU) and destroys the two "Kragen Spawns" (Chironex: 6100 → 2300 LP). The final effects of the two destroyed "Kragen Spawn" (which are the same as that of "Number 4: Stealth Kragen") activate, Special Summoning "Number 4: Stealth Kragen" from Chironex's Graveyard and a third "Kragen Spawn" from the Extra Deck both in Attack Position and attach the old Overlay Units of the destroyed "Kragen Spawn" to the new monsters ( 4/1900/1500, ORU: 0 → 1 for each). Quattro  Sets  a card.
 Turn 4: Shark 
 Shark   draws  " Skull Kraken " and subsequently sets it. As a monster was Set, Chironex activates his  face-down  " Receding Tide " to  flip  "Skull Kraken" to  face-up   Defense Position  ( 3/600/1600).
 Turn 5: Chironex 
Chironex draws. He then activates " Jelly Rain " to turn all face-up monsters currently on the  field  to  WATER  monsters ("Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder" and "Skull Kraken":  DARK  → WATER). Chironex activates the effect of "Stealth Kragen" to destroy "Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder" (Quattro: 2000 → 500 LP). Chironex activates the effect of "Kragen Spawn" to destroy "Skull Kraken", but Quattro activates his face-down " Shade of Strings " to protect "Skull Kraken" from being destroyed by card effects. "Stealth Kragen"  attacks  and destroys "Skull Kraken". "Kragen Spawn" attacks Shark  directly , but Shark activates his face-down " Deep Current " (as a direct attack was declared) to  negate  the attack and end the  Battle Phase . Chironex Sets two cards.
 Turn 6: Quattro 
Quattro draws. As Quattro has 2000  LP  or less, he activates " Gimmick Puppet Ritual " to revive "Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder" ( 8/1500/2500) (a " Gimmick Puppet " monster) in Attack Position, but it cannot attack this  turn . Quattro then  Tributes  "Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder" in order to Special Summon " Gimmick Puppet Nightmare " ( 8/1000/2000) in Attack Position via its own effect. As it was Special Summoned through its own effect, the second effect of "Gimmick Puppet Nightmare" allows it to be treated as two monsters for an Xyz Summon. Quattro overlays "Gimmick Puppet Nightmare" with itself in order to  Xyz Summon  " Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings " ( 8/3000/2000, ORU: 1) in Attack Position. As he controls a WATER monster, Chironex activates his face-down " Jelly Bind " to negate the effects of "Gimmick Puppet of Strings" and prevent it from attacking. Quattro Sets a card.
 Turn 7: Shark 
 
         "Abyss Splash" is Summoned.     
 Shark draws " Big Jaws ". He then activates " Sea Lord's Amulet ", which prevents WATER monsters he controls from being targeted by the opponent's card effects until the  End Phase , at which point "Sea Lord's Amulet" will destroy itself. Shark then activates " Edict of Atlantis ". Now should Shark Summon a WATER monster this turn, he may increase its Level by up to 2. As he activated a  Normal Spell Card  this turn, Shark Special Summons "Big Jaws" ( 3/1800/300) in Attack Position via its own effect. The effect of "Edict of Atlantis" is applied to "Big Jaws" ("Big Jaws":   3 → 5). As his opponent controls two or more monsters, Shark Normal Summons " Panther Shark " ( 5/1100/2000) in Attack Position without Tribute via its own effect. 
 Shark overlays "Big Jaws" and "Panther Shark" in order to Xyz Summon " Number 73: Abyss Splash " ( 5/2400/1400, ORU: 2) in Attack Position. As his opponent Special Summoned a WATER Xyz Monster, Chironex activates his face-down " Jelly Hole " to negate the effects of all face-up cards on the opponent's side of the field ("Sea Lord's Amulet" and "Abyss Splash"). Chironex activates the effect of "Stealth Kragen" to destroy "Abyss Splash", but Shark activates " Cascade Barrier " to prevent "Abyss Splash" from being destroyed by card effects once and reduce its ATK to 0 ("Abyss Splash": 2400 → 0 ATK). Chironex activates the effect of "Kragen Spawn" to destroy "Abyss Splash". 
 
Quattro activates his face-down " Celestial Strings " to target "Gimmick Puppet of Strings" (a "Gimmick Puppet" Xyz Monster), revive "Abyss Splash" ( 5/2400/1400) in Attack Position, and  attach           Quattro and Shark win.     "Gimmick Puppet of Strings" and its Overlay Unit to "Abyss Splash" (the Special Summoned monster) as the latter monster's Overlay Units ("Abyss Splash": 0 → 2 ORU). Shark activates the effect of "Abyss Splash" twice, detaching both of its Overlay Units ("Abyss Splash": 2 → 0 ORU) to double its ATK twice ("Abyss Splash": 2400 → 4800 → 9600 ATK). "Abyss Splash" attacks and destroys "Stealth Kragen" (Chironex: 2300 → 0 LP)
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Reginald "Shark "Kastle Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Big Jaws 
 Panther Shark 
 Skull Kraken Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 73: Abyss Splash Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cascade Barrier 
 Edict of Atlantis 
 Sea Lord's Amulet 
 Traps 
 Deep Current 
 
 Quattro Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gimmick Puppet Nightmare Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder 
 Number 40: Gimmick Puppet of Strings Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gimmick Puppet Ritual 
 Traps 
 Celestial Strings 
 Shade of Strings 
 
 Chironex Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Kragen Spawn  x3 
 Number 4: Stealth Kragen Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Jelly Rain 
 Traps 
 Jelly Bind 
 Jelly Hole 
 Receding Tide 
 
 Flashbacks Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Kragen Spawn  x2 
 Number 4: Stealth Kragen 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder 
 Number 73: Abyss Splash 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL   season 2 episodes 
 #074 " Attack of the Barians: Part 1 " #075 " Attack of the Barians: Part 2 " #076 " Hard Knox " #077 " Rule Duel " #078 " The Adventures of Artimus Stanleyus " #079 " Doom in Bloom " #080 " Rivals in the Ring " #081 " The Friendship Games " #082 " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 " #083 " Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 " #084 " Playing Defense " #085 " Counter Offensive: Part 1 " #086 " Counter Offensive: Part 2 " #087 " Dual Duel: Part 1 " #088 " Dual Duel: Part 2 " #089 " Darkness Dawns " #090 " You Give Love a Bot Name " #091 " Take a Chance " #092 " An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 " #093 " An Imperfect Couple: Part 2 " #094 " Enter Vector " #095 " The Search for Shadows " #096 " Shadows of Deception " #097 " Sinister Shadows " #098 " Shadows End " #099 " A Duel in Ruins: Part I " #100 " A Duel in Ruins: Part 2 " #101 " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 1 " #102 " The Dark Mist Rises: Part 2 " #103 " Barian Vengeance: Part 1 " #104 " Barian Vengeance: Part 2 " #105 " Put to the Test: Part 1 " #106 " Put to the Test: Part 2 " #107 " Furry Fury " #108 " A Sea of Troubles: Part 1 " #109 " A Sea of Troubles: Part 2 " #110 " A World of Chaos: Part 1 " #111 " A World of Chaos: Part 2 " #112 " Memory Thief: Part 1 " #113 " Memory Thief: Part 2 " #114 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 1 " #115 " Tentacles of Terror, Part 2 " #116 " Now or Never, Part 1 " #117 " Now or Never, Part 2 " #118 " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " #119 " Mission: Astral World, Part 2 " #120 " Mission: Astral World, Part 3 " #121 " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " #122 " Assimilation, Part 1 " #123 " Assimilation, Part 2 " #124 " Battle with the Barians " #125 " Fight for a Friend " #126 " Farewell for a Friend " #127 " Settling the Score, Part 1 " #128 " Settling the Score, Part 2 " #129 " Fists of Fury, Part 1 " #130 " Fists of Fury, Part 2 " #131 " Power Play " #132 " Barian vs. Barian " #133 " Vector the Victor " #134 " Dragon Strife, Part 1 " #135 " Dragon Strife, Part 2 " #136 " The Forsaken Palace " #137 " Clash of the Emperors " #138 " The New World " #139 " The Source Code " #140 " A Thousand Ways to Lose " #141 " The Fate of Three Worlds " #142 " The Battle of Three Worlds " #143 " The Future of Three Worlds " #144 " Last First Duel " #145 " Outclassed and Outmatched " #146 " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 << S1 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Zexal_115.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130804125335', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/Rank_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052957', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052836', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9d/Rank_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20120918052957', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/75/AbyssSplashisSummoned115.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140724110648', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ac/IV_AND_Sharksama_Win_Z115.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140724110742']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL episodes