Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Abyss_Actor_-_Sassy_Rookie


 Abyss Actor - Sassy Rookie 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Manga 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 In  episode 63 ,  Sylvio Sawatari  uses this card during his 1-on-3 duel against the  Stomptroopers . On the second turn, Sylvio Normal Summons this card. It proceeds to attack a Stomptrooper's " Goyo Defender ", however, that Stomptrooper activates that "Goyo Defender's" effect to make its ATK 3000 (one for each "Goyo Defender"). This card is not destroyed by battle due to its effect. When the third Stomptrooper makes his move, he uses the effect of his "Goyo King" to take control of this card; it attacks  Yuya Sakaki , who had joined the duel earlier, directly.  Gong Strong  and eventually  Shay Obsidian  join the duel; Shay uses the effect of " Xyz Rescue " to allow him to overlay this card and Gong's two " Superheavy Samurai Magnets " to  Xyz Summon  " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ". 
 In  episode 72 , Sylvio uses this card during his  Friendship Cup   Turbo Duel  against  Yugo . With the  Pendulum Scales  set at 3 and 8, he  Pendulum Summons  this card and " Abyss Actor - Superstar ". On Yugo's next turn, his " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon " attacks this card, which not destroyed by battle due to its effect. Three turns later, Sylvio uses the  Pendulum Effect  of " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian " to return "Superstar" to his Extra Deck and have this card gain "Superstar's" 2500 ATK. It then attacks "Clear Wing", which is not destroyed by battle due to the effect of Yugo's " Follow Wing ". On Yugo's next turn, he tributes " Hi-Speedroid Hagoita " to change this card's effect, as well as that of " Abyss Actor - Leading Lady ". Then, he activates " Hi-Speed Re-Level " to banish "Hagoita" from his Graveyard and set the Levels of all monsters on the field to "Hagoita's" (5). This triggers this card's new effect, allowing "Clear Wing" to chain to it and destroy this card, gaining 1700 ATK in the process. 
 In  episode 97 , Sylvio controls this card while he and  Gong Strong  attempt to prevent a Commons mob in  New Domino City  from clashing with Sector Security. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 In  chapter 9 ,  Shingo Sawatari  uses this card during his third duel against  Yuya Sakaki . He sets the Pendulum Scales using this card and " Abyss Actor - Funky Comedian ".   
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances