Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Seto_Kaiba_and_Ishizu_Ishtar%27s_Duel


 
 Seto Kaiba and Ishizu Ishtar's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba and Ishizu Ishtar's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Seto Kaiba Ishizu Ishtar 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Battle City 
 
 
 Location 
 Kaiba Corp Blimp 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 93:  " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 1 " 94:  " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba  and  Ishizu Ishtar  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Battle City  arc, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime .
 
 Prior Events 
 Everyone except  Seto Kaiba  was grieving over  Mai Valentine 's loss to  Yami Marik , with the former's memories slowly deteriorating one by one. The final round of the Quarter-Finals was about to begin. The match was between Seto Kaiba himself and a mysterious woman in a white dress. When the duelists meet face to face, the woman reveals her identity:  Ishizu Ishtar , the very same woman who gave Kaiba the " Obelisk the Tormentor " card before the tournament even began.  Yami Yugi  and  Téa Gardner  also recognize her. Ishizu proclaims that, as promised  back at the museum , Kaiba will give her back "Obelisk the Tormentor".
 The duel proceeds.
 
 Featured Duel: Seto Kaiba vs. Ishizu Ishtar 
 Turn 1: Kaiba 
 Kaiba  draws " Vorse Raider " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1900/1200) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Ishizu 
 Ishizu  draws " Keldo " and subsequently Normal Summons it (without even looking at it first) (1200/1600) in  Defense Position . She then  activates  " Michizure of Doom " to  discard  two cards from both duelists'  hands . Kaiba discards " Polymerization " and " Kaiser Glider " (Ishizu declares them without even looking at Kaiba's hand), while Ishizu discards " Revival Magic " and " Monster Reborn ". Ishizu's hand now contains "Mudora" and " Zolga ". Both players then draw two cards, though this was never mentioned or shown.
 Turn 3: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. "Vorse Raider"  attacks  and  destroys  "Keldo". Kaiba's hand contains "Shrink", " Soul Exchange ", " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", and two unknown Magic Cards. Kaiba Sets a card.
 Turn 4: Ishizu 
Ishizu draws " Exchange of the Spirit ". She then Normal Summons " Mudora " (1500/1800) in Attack Position. Ishizu then activates " Sword of Dogra ",  equipping  it to "Mudora" and increasing its  ATK  by 500 ("Mudora": 1500 → 2000/1800). "Mudora" attacks "Vorse Raider", but Seto activates his face-down " Shrink " to halve the ATK of "Vorse Raider" ("Vorse Raider" 1900 → 950/1200). "Mudora" destroys "Vorse Raider" (Kaiba 4000 → 2950), but Seto activates his face-down " Crush Card " to destroy every  monster  in Ishizu's hand,  Deck , and  field  with 1500 or more ATK; "Mudora" is destroyed. Ishizu then activates " Swords of Revealing Light " to prevent every monster Kaiba has on the field from attacking for the next three  turns . She then sets a card.
 Turn 5: Kaiba 
Kaiba's hand contains "Soul Exchange", " Virus Cannon ", "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" and " The Flute of Summoning Dragon ". Kaiba draws " Dark Gremlin " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1600/1800) in Attack Position. He then Sets a card ("Virus Cannon").
 Turn 6: Ishizu 
Ishizu  draws  "Muko". She then passes her turn.
 Turn 7: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. He then passes his turn (2 more turns).
 Turn 8: Ishizu 
Ishizu draws. She then passes her turn.
 Turn 9: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. He then passes his turn (1 more turn).
 Turn 10: Ishizu 
Ishizu draws " Sacrifice's Blast ". She then passes her turn. At the End Phase, the effect of Ishizu's "Swords of Revealing Light" expires.
 Turn 11: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws "Obelisk the Tormentor". "Dark Gremlin"  attacks  directly (Ishizu 4000 → 2400).
 Ishizu has 2400  Life Points  remaining and controls one set card.
 Kaiba has 2950 Life Points remaining and controls "Dark Gremlin" (1600/1800) in Attack Position and one set card.
 Turn 11: Kaiba 
 Kaiba   activates  his face-down " Virus Cannon " to  send  all  Magic Cards  in  Ishizu 's  Deck  and  hand  to her  Graveyard . Ishizu  pays  1000  Life Points  (Ishizu 2400 → 1400) in order to activate her face-down " Exchange of the Spirit ", which switches the cards in both duelists' Decks with those in their Graveyards. This leaves Kaiba with six cards in his Deck while Ishizu gets back every card that Kaiba made her send to the Graveyard.
 Turn 12: Ishizu 
Ishizu draws " Kelbek " and subsequently  Normal Summons  it (1500/1800) in  Attack Position . She then  Sets  a card.
 Tuen 13: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws "Virus Cannon" and subsequently activates it, but Ishizu activates her face-down " Muko " to  negate  the  effect  of "Virus Cannon" and  destroy  it.
 Turn 14: Ishizu 
Ishizu draws " Zolga " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1700/1200) in Attack Position. "Zolga"  attacks  and  destroys  " Dark Gremlin " (Kaiba 2950 → 2850). "Kelbek" then  attacks  directly (Kaiba 2850 → 1350). Ishizu Sets a card.
 Turn 15: Kaiba 
Kaiba's hand contains " The Flute of Summoning Dragon ", "Silent Doom", "Blue-Eyes White Dragon", " Soul Exchange ", " Ring of Destruction ", and "Obelisk the Tormentor". Kaiba  draws  "Crush Card" [Notes 1] , but Ishizu activates her face-down "Muko" to  send  the drawn card to the Graveyard. Kaiba Sets a card ("Soul Exchange"). Kaiba intends to activate his set card once Ishizu gets three monsters out onto her field.
 Turn 16: Ishizu 
Ishizu draws. She then Sets a card (" Sacrifice's Blast "). In the anime, Ishizu reveals (to the viewers, thinking to herself) that this Trap has already begun infusing its power into one of Ishizu's monsters ("Zolga"), so that when Kaiba uses "Soul Exchange" to seize its control and tribute it, it will be transferred to the Tribute Summoned monster i.e. Kaiba's " Obelisk the Tormentor ". Once Seto attacks directly with "Obelisk", the effect of "Sacrifice's Blast" will activate, defeating Kaiba. Ishizu Normal Summons " Agido " (1500/1300) in Attack Position. Kaiba activates his face-down "Soul Exchange" to allow himself to Tribute his opponents' monsters as if he was their controller. Kaiba then Tributes "Zolga", "Kelbek", and "Agido" in order to  Tribute Summon  "Obelisk the Tormentor" (4000/4000) in Attack Position.
 Turn 17: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Polymerization ". He prepares to use "Obelisk the Tormentor" to attack directly, but  Yami Marik 's  Millennium Rod  activates and gives Kaiba a vision of the past. He sees himself as an  ancient priest  carrying a  woman  while standing in front of a stone tablet showing the "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". This convinces him to change his strategy. 
 Kaiba then activates " Silent Doom " to revive " Gadget Soldier " (1800/2000) in  Defense Position . He then Tributes "Gadget Soldier" and "Obelisk the Tormentor" in order to Tribute Summon " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position (thus  negating  the "Sacrifice's Blast" secretly infused in "Obelisk"). "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks directly (Ishizu 1400 → 0).
 Kaiba wins.
 
 Aftermath 
 Ishizu is shocked that her vision crumbled before her eyes.
 The Quarter-Finals were over and the duelists to move on are Yami Yugi,  Joey Wheeler , Seto Kaiba and Yami Marik.
 
 v e 
 Battle City Participants 
 Anime 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar  and  Yami Marik 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Lumis 
 Jean-Claude Magnum 
 Yugi Muto  and  Yami Yugi 
 Koji Nagumo 
 Odion 
 Rare Hunter 2 
 Rare Hunter 3 
 Rex Raptor 
 Espa Roba 
 Bakura Ryou  and  Yami Bakura 
 Seeker 
 Sid 
 Strings 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Umbra 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Marik 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 
 Duels 
 
 
Preliminaries 
 
 Yami and Seeker 
 Rex and Espa 
 Joey and Espa 
 Kaiba and Koji 
 
 Yami and Arkana 
 Joey and Weevil 
 Yami and Strings (Marik) 
 Yami, Kaiba and Rare Hunters 
 
 Joey and Mako 
 Yami, Kaiba, Umbra and Lumis 
 Yami Bakura and Bonz 
 Mai and Magnum 
 
 
 
 
Finals 
 
 Quarter finals 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Odion 
 Mai and Yami Marik 
 Kaiba and Ishizu 
 
 Battle Royale 
 
 Yami, Joey, Kaiba and Yami Marik 
 Semi finals 
 
 Joey and Yami Marik 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 
 Playoff 
 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Final 
 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Marik 
 
 
 
 
Other 
 
 Kaiba and the Duel Computer 
 Joey and Seeker 
 
 Yugi and Joey (Marik) 
 Yami Bakura and Yami Marik 
 
 Joey and dream opponents 
 Yami and Joey 
 
 
 
 
 Cite error:  <ref>  tags exist for a group named "Notes", but no corresponding  <references group="Notes"/>  tag was found 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/Yugioh093.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140521231536']
Categories: Battle City Duels, Pages with reference errors