Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Crow_Hogan_(Duel_Links)


 
 Crow Hogan 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Crow Hogan 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 クロウ・ホーガン 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Crow Hogan Deck Black Wind Feathers in the Wind Whirlwind Rising Black-Winged Storm 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Clay Adams 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Shintaro Asanuma 
 
 
 
 Crow Hogan  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Crow Hogan , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5Ds  anime.
 He appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward by defeating Sector Security with 5,000 or higher Duel Assessment in 5D's World. 
 Black  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Crow Hogan at the Gate.
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Yusei and Jack's friend since childhood, Crow's rough exterior hides a kind heart. 
 He raises orphans, affectionately calling them his "jackals." During his battle against the Dark Signers, he became a Signer himself. With his Blackwing Deck, he outwits his opponents to victory. His ace monster is the Signer Dragon " Black-Winged Dragon ".
 
 
 
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Crow Hogan Deck Monsters  (20) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Crow Goblin 
 Droll Bird  x3 
 Kurama  x3 
 Niwatori  x3 
 Obese Marmot of Nefariousness  x3 
 Tyhone  x3 
 Yamatano Dragon Scroll  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Water Spirit 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Black Wind Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Droll Bird  x3 
 Kurama  x3 
 Tyhone  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain  x3 
 Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black-Winged Dragon Spells  (1) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Against the Wind 
 Traps 
 Black Feather Beacon  x2 
 Black Wing Revenge 
 Level 20 
 
 Feathers in the Wind Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Crow Goblin 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain  x2 
 Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind  x2 
 Blackwing - Gust the Backblast  x3 
 Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust  x2 
 Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Black-Winged Dragon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Follow Wind  x3 
 Traps 
 Black Thunder 
 Blackwing - Boobytrap 
 Level 30 
 
 Whirlwind Rising Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear  x2 
 Blackwing - Elphin the Raven 
 Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind  x2 
 Blackwing - Gust the Backblast 
 Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust  x2 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North  x3 
 Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer 
 Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield Extra Deck  (2) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant 
 Black-Winged Dragon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Black Whirlwind 
 Black-Winged Strafe 
 Cards for Black Feathers 
 Traps 
 Black Feather Beacon  x2 
 Blackboost 
 Level 40 
 
 Black-Winged Storm Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear  x3 
 Blackwing - Elphin the Raven 
 Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust  x2 
 Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn 
 Blackwing - Shura the Blue Flame 
 Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North  x3 
 Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Blackwing Armed Wing 
 Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant 
 Black-Winged Dragon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Black Whirlwind  x2 
 Cards for Black Feathers 
 Traps 
 Blackboost 
 Delta Crow - Anti Reverse 
 Fake Feather 
 Icarus Attack 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
Skill: "Wings to the Heavens" (If your Life Points are at 2000 or below, play 1 "Blackwing Armor Master" from outside your Deck at the beginning of your turn. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.) 
 Black Whirlwind Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear  x3 
 Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow  x2 
 Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn  x3 
 Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind  x2 
 Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North  x2 
 Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind  x3 Extra Deck  (7) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling 
 Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder 
 Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower 
 Blackwing Armed Wing 
 Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant 
 Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe 
 Black-Winged Dragon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Black Whirlwind  x3 
 Traps 
 Blackbird Close 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Crow Hogan reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Crow Hogan)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Black Feather Beacon "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Crow Hogan)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Black Wing Revenge "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Level Augmentation ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Black Feather Beacon "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Black Wing Revenge "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Level Reduction ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Black Feather Beacon "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Black Wing Revenge "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Crow Hogan)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Blackwing - Elphin the Raven "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Blackwing - Damascus the Polar Night "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Crow Hogan, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Blackwing - Elphin the Raven "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Crow Goblin "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Against the Wind "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Blackwing - Bombardment "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Blackwing - Boobytrap "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Mark of the Dragon - Tail
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 " Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North " to your Deck. Then, add 1 " Black-Winged Dragon " to your Extra deck.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Level Augmentation
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will increase by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Black Wind to the Top
 
 Can be used if you begin with an Extra Deck that contains at least 3 "Blackwing" monsters. At the beginning of the Duel, place 1 " Mountain " to your field and add 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" to your Extra Deck, from outside of your Deck. In addition, the following effect can be used once per Duel. Select 1 "Black-Winged Dragon" you control and place 1 Black Feather Counter to it.
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Blackwing Rising
 
 Until the end of your opponent's next turn, 1 " Black-Winged Dragon " or " Blackwing " Synchro Monster you control gains 200 ATK times the number of "Blackwing" monsters on your side of the field. This Skill can only be used once per turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Tunermorph: Normal
 
 Reveal 1 Tuner monster in your hand and select a Normal Monster on your side of the field. The selected monster is treated as a Tuner monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Low-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 4 or lower.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1 card.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Leo 
 When Crow wins a Duel against  Leo , he says "Huh? Say somethin', Leo?" 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 When starting a Duel with  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , Crow announces "Aww, you suffered through some tough times? Who hasn't?" 
 Kalin Kessler 
 When Crow wins a Duel against  Kalin Kessler , he says "I was thinking of reforming the Enforcers. Whattaya' say?" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Crow Summons " Black-Winged Dragon ", he chants  "Prepare for some shock and awe!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow briefly appears, and he announces "Soar to power! Black-Winged Dragon!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Black-Winged Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Black-Winged Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Black-Winged Dragon!" followed by "Shadow Squall Blast!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Black-Winged Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Black Orb Blast!" 
 When Crow Summons " Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder ", he chants  "Get ready for a thundering display of power!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow briefly appears, and he announces "Slash on in, Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Onimaru the Divine Thunder attacks!" followed by "Thundering Thrash!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Onimaru the Divine Thunder's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ", he chants  " I'm unleashing a storm of trouble!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow briefly appears, and he announces "Go, Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Raikiri the Rain Shower!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Raikiri the Rain Shower's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon ", he chants  "The dark wind soars from the last days of battle! Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, he a cut-in frame of Crow briefly appears, and he announces "Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon!"
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fly with fury, Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon! Black Rage Entry!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing Armor Master ", he chants  "I'll turn the power of flight to the power of fight!"  followed by " Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow briefly appears, and he announces "Blackwing Armor Master!"
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blackwing Armor Master's effect activates!" followed by "By removing a Wedge Counter, it's ATK and DEF become 0!" 
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Armor Master attack!" followed by "Black Hurricane!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe ", a cut-in frame of Crow briefly appears, and he announces "I invite Blackwing Tamer - Obsidian Hawk Joe!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Obsidian Hawk Joe attacks!" followed by "Assault Claw!" 
 When Crow activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Obsidian Hawk Joe! Use your effect!" followed by "Master the birds of prey to awaken a Blackwing!" 
 When Crow activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Obsidian Hawk Joe activates his effect!" followed by "The target switches from Hawk Joe to another Blackwing!" 
 When Crow Summons " Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling ", he announces  "The thunderclap rains destruction on all before it!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow's face briefly appears, and he announces "Let's go, Assault Blackwing - Chidori the Rain Sprinkling!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Chidori the Rain Sprinkling attacks!" followed by "Lightning Slash!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chidori the Rain Sprinkling's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm ", he chants  "There's a storm comin' with a deluge of destruction!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow's face briefly appears, and he announces "Soar, Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Strike 'em down, Sohaya the Rain Storm!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Sohaya the Rain Storm's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing Armed Wing ", he chants  "Swirl your wings into a giant maelstrom!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow's face briefly appears, and he announces "Blackwing Armed Wing!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Armed Wing! Attack!" followed by "Black Charge!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star ", he chants  "You're not ready for this winged swordsman!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow's face briefly appears, and he announces "Blackwing - Gram the Shining Star!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Gram the Shining Star!" followed by "Cresent Slice!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces Gram the Shining Star's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Silverwind the Ascendant ", he chants  "The raging tempest combines iron will with light speed!"  followed by  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Crow's face briefly appears and he announces "Welcome Blackwing - Silverwind The Ascendant to the game!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Silverwind The Ascendant attacks!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, space he announces "Blackwing - Silverwind The Ascendant's effect activates!" followed by "Perfect Storm!" 
 When Crow Summons " Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle ", he announces "Appear! Assault Blackwing - Kunai the Drizzle!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kunai the Drizzle attack!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Kunai the Drizzle's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Abrolhos the Megaquake ", he announces "Appear, Blackwing - Abrolhos the Megaquake!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shake 'em up, Abrolhos the Megaquake!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Abrolhos the Megaquake's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights ", he announces "I Special Summon Blackwing - Aurora the Northern Lights!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Aurora the Northern Lights!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Aurora the Northern Lights' effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Blizzard the Far North!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Freeze 'em! Blizzard the Far North!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blizzard the Far North's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Bora the Spear ", he announces "Let's go, Blackwing - Bora the Spear!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Bora the Spear! Attack!" followed by "Spiralling Spear!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp ", he announces "Show yourself, Blackwing - Boreas the Sharp!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Boreas the Sharp attacks!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I banish Boreas the Sharp from my Graveyard to use its effect!" 
 When Crow Summons "" Blackwing - Breeze the Zephyr , he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Breeze the Zephyr!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Breeze the Zephyr, attack!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since an effect added Breeze to my hand, I can summon it!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind ", he announces "Join me, Blackwing - Brisote the Tailwind!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Brisote the Tailwind! Attack!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Brisote the Tailwind's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Calima the Haze ", he announces "Let's do this, Blackwing - Calima the Haze!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Calima the Haze attacks!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I banish Calima the Haze to resurrect a Synchro monster!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Damascus the Polar Night ", he announces "Here's Blackwing - Damascus the Polar Night!"
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Damascus the Polar Night's effect from my hand!" 
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Damascus the Polar Night, attack!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Decay the Ill Wind ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Decay the Ill Wind!"
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Decay the Ill Wind's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Decay the Ill Wind attack!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Elphin the Raven ", he announces "Take to the skies, Blackwing - Elphin the Raven!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Elphin the Raven!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Elphin the Raven's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Etesian of Two Swords ", he announces "Join me, Blackwing - Etesian of Two Swords!
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "From my hand, I activate Etesian of Two Swords's effect!" 
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Etesian of Two Swords, attack!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Fane the Steel Chain ", he announces ""
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em, Fane the Steel Chain!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Fane the Steel Chain's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Gale the Whirlwind!"
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gale the Whirlwind's effect activates! 
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces Attack, Gale the Whirlwind!" followed by "Black Scratch!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind ", he announces "Take to the field, Blackwing - Ghibli the Searing Wind!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Ghibli the Searing Wind, send 'em flying!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Ghibli the Searing Wind's effect!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun ", he announces "Here's Blackwing - Gladius the Midnight Sun!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gladius the Midnight Sun, attack!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Gust the Backblast ", he announces "Come out, Blackwing - Gust the Backblast!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blast 'em! Gust the Backblast!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust ", he announces "Let's go, Blackwing - Harmattan the Dust!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Harmattan the Dust attacks!!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Harmattan the Dust's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Hillen the Tengu-wind!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hillen the Tengu-wind, attack!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Hillen the Tengu-wind's effect from my Graveyard!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Hurricane the Tornado ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Hurricane the Tornado!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hurricane the Tornado attacks!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Hurricane the Tornado's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky ", he announces "Here's Blackwing - Jetstream the Blue Sky!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Jetstream the Blue Sky attacks!!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Jetstream the Blue Sky's effect from my hand!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Jin the Rain Shadow!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Jin the Rain Shadow attacks!!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Jin the Rain Shadow's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Kochi the Daybreak"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kochi the Daybreak attacks!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Kogarashi the Wanderer!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kogarashi the Wanderer, attack!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Kogarashi the Wanderer's effect activates!!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn ", he announces "Here's Blackwing - Kris the Crack of Dawn!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kris the Crack of Dawn, attack!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Mistral the Silver Shield!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mistral the Silver Shield attacks!!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Mistral the Silver Shield's effect activates!" followed by "For one time only, battle damage becomes zero!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Oroshi the Squall!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Oroshi the Squall's effect!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Pinaki the Waxing Moon!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces " My Pinaki the Waxing Moon attacks!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Pinaki the Waxing Moon's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind ", he announces "Say hello to Blackwing - Tornado the Reverse Wind!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tornado the Reverse Wind, blow 'em away!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Tornado the Reverse Wind's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind ", he announces "Here comes Blackwing - Simoon the Poison Wind!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Simoon the Poison Wind attacks!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Simoon the Poison Wind's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn ", he announces "Here comes Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sirocco the Dawn, attack!" followed by "Dark Wing Slash!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Sirocco the Dawn's effect activates!" followed by "The flocks strike gathers into a singular Blackwing!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Steam the Cloak ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Steam the Cloak!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em, Steam the Cloak!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Steam the Cloak's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Blackwing - Vayu the Emblem of Honor!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Vayu the Emblem of Honor!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Vayu the Emblem of Honor's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite ", he announces "Fly! Blackwing - Zephyros the Elite!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Zephyros the Elite!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Zephyros the Elite's effect from my Graveyard!" 
 When Crow Summons " Crow Goblin ", he announces "Crow Goblin! I'm countin' on ya!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crow Goblin! Attack!" 
 When Crow Summons " D.D. Crow ", he announces "Here flies, D.D. Crow!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "D.D. Crow, Attack!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate D.D. Crow's effect from my hand!' followed by "I banish a card from your Graveyard!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Crow activates " Against the Wind ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Against the Wind!" 
 When Crow activates " Black Feather Beacon ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Black Feather Beacon!" 
 When Crow activates " Black Return ", he announces "I was waiting for this moment! I flip over my Trap Card! Black Return!" 
 When Crow activates " Black Thunder ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Black Thunder!" 
 When Crow activates " Black Whirlwind ", he announces "My Continuous Spell, Black Whirlwind!" 
 When Crow activates " Black Wing Revenge ", he announces "I won't let your sacrifice go to waste!" followed by "I flip over my Trap Card! Black Wing Revenge!" 
 When Crow activates " Black-Winged Strafe ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Black-Winged Strafe!" 
 When Crow activates " Blackback ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Blackback!" 
 When Crow activates " Blackbird Close ", he announces "My Counter Trap activates! Blackbird Close!" 
 When Crow activates " Blackboost ", he announces "I reveal my Trap Card! Blackboost!" 
 When Crow activates " Blackwing - Backlash ", he announces "A single Trap will drop all your monsters!" followed by "I activate my Trap! Blackwing - Backlash!" 
 When Crow activates " Blackwing - Bombardment ", he announces "My monsters work together to form a bridge to victory!" followed by "I flip over my Trap Card! Blackwing - Bombardment!" 
 When Crow activates " Blackwing - Boobytrap ", he announces "I activate the effect of my Trap! Blackwing - Boobytrap!" 
 When Crow activates " Cards for Black Feathers ", he announces "Check this Spell out! Cards for Black Feathers!" 
 When Crow activates " De-Synchro ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card! De-Synchro!" 
 When Crow activates " Defenders Intersect ", he announces "I reveal my Trap Card! Defenders Intersect!" 
 When Crow activates " Delta Crow - Anti Reverse ", he announces "This Trap explodes all over ya! Delta Crow - Anti Reverse!" 
 When Crow activates " Dust Tornado ", he announces "I activate the Trap, Dust Tornado!" 
 When Crow activates " Ebon Arrow ", he announces "I activate the Trap! Ebon Arrow!" 
 When Crow activates " Fake Feather ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Fake Feather 
 Whenever Crow activates " Guard Mines ", he announces "Like I'll let you do that! I activate my Trap! Guard Mines!" 
 When Crow activates " Level Retuner ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Level Retuner!" 
 When Crow activates " Raptor Wing Strike ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Raptor Wing Strike!" 
 When Crow activates " Reload ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell! Reload!" 
 When Crow activates " Shadow Impulse ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card! Shadow Impulse!" 
 When Crow activates " Trap Stun ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Trap Stun! All other Trap effects are negated this turn!" 
 When Crow activates " Urgent Tuning ", he announces "My Trap activates! Urgent Tuning!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Crow Summons " Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider ", he chants  "Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, he announces "Fly, Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sayo the Rain Hider attacks!" 
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Strike 'em down, Sohaya the Rain Storm!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing Full Armor Master ", he announces "Blackwing Full Armor Master!"
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Full Armor Master's effect activates!" 
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Full Armor Master attacks!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Auster the South Wind ", he announces "Let's go! Blackwing - Auster the South Wind!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Auster the South Wind attacks!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Auster the South Wind's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow ", he announces "I Special Summon Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Gofu the Vague Shadow!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gofu the Vague Shadow's effect activates!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow ", he announces "Let's do this! Blackwing - Kalut the Moon Shadow!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Strike 'em, Kalut the Moon Shadow!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Kalut the Moon Shadow's effect from my hand!" 
 When Crow Summons " Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight ", he chants  "This heroic bird of prey wields the sword of legends! Synchro Summon!"  Afterwards, he announces "Blackwing - Nothung the Starlight!"
 Most of the time when Crow declares an attack with that monster, he announces " Nothung the Starlight, attack!" 
 When Crow activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Nothung the Starlight's effect activates!" followed by "Homing Sword!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Crow activates " Black Sonic ", he announces "Your best isn't even my least! I activate my Trap! Black Sonic!" 
 When Crow activates " Glowing Crossbow ", he announces "Here's my Equip Spell, Glowing Crossbow!" 
 When Crow activates " Gravity Collapse ", he announces "My Counter Trap activates! Gravity Collapse!" 
 When Crow activates " Icarus Attack ", he announces "Check out my Trap Card! Icarus Attack!" 
 Trivia 
 The inclusion of " Blackfeather Darkrage Dragon " as card-specific dialogue comes from Crow's usage of that card during the  D1 Grand Prix  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga. 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo , or  Luna , Crow announces "Just cuz you're my buddy doesn't mean I'll go easy on ya!". 
 Crow has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin .
 When he wins against either of the three, Crow announces "If you're gonna hurt innocent kids..." followed by "You think I'll ever let you off?" 
 When he loses against either of the three, Crow announces "Until the Dark Signers are buried forever, I won't give up!" 
 When starting a Duel with Rex Goodwin or Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Crow announces "I don't care if you’re a Signer or not!" followed by "All I care about is slammin' your brakes!" 
 Crow has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Primo ,  Aporia  and  Paradox .
 When starting the Duel, he says "This Duel won't go as you think!" followed by "I know I can defeat ya! Cuz when I fight, I FIGHT!" 
 When he wins the Duel, he says "Yeah, friends fight sometimes... But that's not always bad." followed by "Cuz that can bring us closer! And strengthen our bond!" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "Even if I can't do a thing, I know my friends can!" followed by "So my defeat will pave the way for my team's victory!" 
 When Crow wins a Duel against Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Akiza Izinski, or Luna, he says "I'll lead Team 5D's to the future!" 
 When Crow loses a Duel against Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Akiza Izinski, or Luna, he says "Eh, don't worry about it. We're still buds." 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Kalin Kessler, and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers , Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba, Aigami,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Signers who share similar, if not identical dialogue for some of the  Signer Dragons :
 Yusei Fudo, Akiza Izinski -  Stardust Dragon 
 Crow Hogan, Yusei Fudo -  Black-Winged Dragon 
 Akiza Izinski, Yusei Fudo -  Black Rose Dragon 
 Leo, Luna, Yusei Fudo -  Power Tool Dragon 
 Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Life Stream Dragon 
 Luna, Leo, Yusei Fudo -  Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 v e 
 Crow Hogan  pages Anime, manga, books 
 5D's  anime 
 ARC-V  anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 BAM 
 Decade Duels 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ARC-V) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Online 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/33/CrowHogan-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/227?cb=20181030065124', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8c/Profile-DULI-CrowHogan.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925130930', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Icon-DULI-CrowHogan.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925195716', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Icon-DULI-CrowHogan2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180925171905', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/CutIn-DULI-CrowHogan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925171311', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b3/Summoning-DULI-CrowHogan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/173?cb=20190604222140', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/45/Defeat-DULI-CrowHogan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180925170325', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Crow Hogan pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters