Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_028


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 028 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 課外授業 は 闇 のデュエル！？（後編） 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kagaijugyō wa Yami no Dyueru!? (Kōhen) 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Extra-Curricular Lesson is a Duel of Darkness!? (Second Part) 
 
 
 English 
 Grave Risk, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 028 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 April 13, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 15, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah (快晴・上昇・ハレルーヤ)" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle (限界バトル)" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Lee Ok Mi 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " 
 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 "Grave Risk, Part 2" , known as  "The Extra-Curricular Lesson is a Duel of Darkness!? (Second Part)"  in the Japanese version, is the twenty-eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on April 13, 2005 and in the United States on December 15, 2005.
 Jaden Yuki  continues his Duel with  Gravekeeper's Chief , narrowly avoiding defeat by stalling with  Life Point -replenishing cards. As he loses Life Points, the lids of the coffins containing his friends close.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden vs. Gravekeeper's Chief 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Errors 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 The Duel between  Jaden Yuki  and  Gravekeeper's Chief  continues, with the lives of  Syrus Truesdale ,  Chumley Huffington ,  Alexis Rhodes  and  Professor Banner  all hanging in the balance. Jaden  draws  " Winged Kuriboh ", and after some encouragement from  its spirit  plays it in  Defense Position . The Chief attacks with " Gravekeeper's Assailant " and Jaden activates his face-down " Transcendent Wings ", letting him  discard  " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " and " Silent Doom " to send "Winged Kuriboh" to the  Graveyard  and  Special Summon  " Winged Kuriboh LV10 ". However, the Chief counters by sending the " Gravekeeper's Watcher " in his hand to Graveyard, which  negates  "Transcendent Wings", as its effect involves the discard of cards. Thus, the battle continues, and "Winged Kuriboh" is destroyed. Its effect will negate all  Battle damage  for the turn, so the Chief does not attack with his remaining monster, but he does  Set  a card. Jaden draws, then plays " Pot of Greed " to draw two more cards. He Summons " Dark Catapulter " in Defense Position, activates " Mirage of Nightmare " and then Sets three cards to end his turn. The Chief draws, and during his  Standby Phase , "Mirage of Nightmare" permits Jaden to draw until he has four cards in his hand. The Chief calls his efforts useless, and  Tributes  his " Gravekeeper's Curse " to Summon  his own card  to the field in  Attack Position . Doing so, he is physically moved onto his own side of the  Field ,  Duel Disk  and all. " Necrovalley " increases his attack points by 500, and reveals that his own effect grants his Graveyard immunity from "Necrovalley" and allows him to Special Summon a " Gravekeeper's " monster from his Graveyard. He chooses " Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier ", who appears in Attack Position, before activating his face-down " Rite of Spirit " to Special Summon "Gravekeeper's Curse" from his Graveyard in Attack Position. His effect deals 500 damage to Jaden, leaving him with 500  Life Points .
 
       The card that lets  Jaden  narrowly avoid defeat, " Elemental Hero Necroshade ".     
 The Chief begins his  Battle Phase , attacking Dark Catapulter" with "Gravekeeper's Assailant", who appears to hesitate. Regardless, her effect switches "Dark Catapulter" to Attack Position. Jaden activates his face-down " Emergency Provisions ", sending "Mirage of Nightmare" and his face-down " Fusion Sage " to the Graveyard to gain 2000 Life Points. The attack hits, destroying "Dark Catapulter". In the Japanese version, the Chief slaps Assailant across the face, telling her to obey her Chief next time. In the English version, he simply lectures her. The Chief reminds Jaden that he still has his own attack to perform, and attacks Jaden  directly , but Jaden activates his face-down " Draining Shield ", negating the attack and increasing his Life Points by 2400. Still, the Chief attacks directly with "Spear Soldier" and "Curse", reducing Jaden to 600 Life Points. Jaden states he still made it past the turn, and has what he needs to win. The Chief activates " Royal Tribute ", which forces both players to discard all monster cards they have in their hand. Jaden discards " Elemental HERO Sparkman ", " Elemental HERO Clayman " and " Elemental HERO Necroshade ". This leaves Jaden with only " The Warrior Returning Alive " in his hand, and he cannot play it due to "Necrovalley". Jaden draws " Elemental HERO Bladedge ". He states that "Necrovalley" may negate effects that target cards in the Graveyard, but it does not negate ones that come from cards already in the Graveyard. Thus, he activates the effect of the "Necroshade" which he was forced to discard with "Royal Tribute". This lets him  Normal Summon  and " Elemental Hero " monster without Tribute, but only once during the current Duel. He Summons the "Bladedge" he drew and attacks "Curse" with it, reducing the Chief's Life Points from 900 to 0.
 The Chief collapses, and Jaden runs to him, hoping he is not hurt. The Spear Soldier and Guard still present ready their spears, but the Chief tells them to stop. The Chief compliments Jaden on his Dueling skills, and Jaden tells him he was impressed with the Chief's skill as well, and that he actually enjoyed the Shadow Game. He also compliments the Chief's monsters, who are still present as members of the Chief's tribe. The Chief tells him that only one person ever survived a Shadow Game against him prior to his, and gifts Jaden with one half of a  golden pendent . He tells him that  the other person  that survived the ordeal has the other half, and should Jaden ever participate in another Shadow Game, the pendent should prove useful. The Chief releases everyone from the coffins and the group gathers at the bottom of the pyramid. Banner tells Jaden he knew that he would pass the test, perplexing everyone as what he means by that. The Chief tells them that to get back to their own world, they must go to the gate of the tomb and wait for the three suns to converge into one. However, some of the Chief's guards are not happy with the group escaping punishment, and still wish to execute them. They are stopped by the Gravekeeper's Assailant, who had  previously  found Jaden on the grounds in the first place. She tells Jaden to deliver a message to  the person who holds the other half of the medallion  - that she hasn't forgotten him and believes they will meet again, while informing them her name is  Yasmin . The guards part, and the group is allowed to leave, with Yasmin telling them that Winged Kuriboh will be able to lead them out. They run towards the gates, but Chumley trips and injures his leg while en route. He tells them to leave him behind, and the spirit of his " Des Koala " card materializes, who carries him the rest of the way across. The same green beams of light that brought them there appear, and they end up back in their own world.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden vs. Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode .
 Jaden has 1000 Life Points remaining and controls one set card.
 The Chief has 900 Life Points remaining and controls "Gravekeeper's Assailant (2000/2000) and "Gravekeeper's Curse" (1300/1300) in Attack Position and " Necrovalley ".
 Turn 8: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Winged Kuriboh " and subsequently Normal Summons it (300/200) in  Defense Position .
 Turn 9: Gravekeeper's Chief 
Chief draws. " Gravekeeper's Assailant " attacks "Winged Kuriboh", but Jaden  activates  his face-down " Transcendent Wings " to  discard  " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " and " Silent Doom " and  Tribute  "Winged Kuriboh" in order to  Special Summon  " Winged Kuriboh LV10 ". Chief's hand contains "Royal Tribute", " Hieroglyph Lithograph ", " Dark Designator ", "Gravekeeper's Watcher", and " Graverobber's Retribution ". Since Jaden activated an effect that requires him to discard, the Chief sends the " Gravekeeper's Watcher " in his  hand  to the  Graveyard  in order to activate its effect, negating the activation of "Transcendent Wings" and destroying it. "Gravekeeper's Assailant" then destroys "Winged Kuriboh". Since "Winged Kuriboh" was destroyed, its effect activates, preventing Jaden from taking any more Battle Damage this turn. Chief then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 10: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to  draw  two cards ("Dark Catapulter" and " Draining Shield "). Jaden then Normal Summons " Dark Catapulter " (1000/1500) in Defense Position. Jaden then activates " Mirage of Nightmare ". Now during each of the Chief's Standby Phases, Jaden can draw until he has four cards in his hand, but during each of Jaden's Standby Phases, he must discard cards equal to the number of cards he drew via "Mirage of Nightmare". Jaden intends to use the effect of "Dark Catapulter" to destroy " Necrovalley " and then follow up with the effect of "Mirage of Nightmare" to give him the cards he needs to win. Jaden then Sets three cards.
 Turn 11: Gravekeeper's Chief 
Chief draws "Gravekeeper's Chief". On the Chief's Standby Phase, the effect of "Mirage of Nightmare" activates, letting Jaden draw four cards (" Elemental HERO Sparkman ", " Elemental HERO Clayman ", " Elemental HERO Necroshade ", and " The Warrior Returning Alive "). The Chief then Tributes " Gravekeeper's Curse " in order to Tribute Summon " Gravekeeper's Chief " (1900 → 2400/1200 → 1700) in Attack Position. Due to the latter monster's first effect, the Chief's Graveyard is no longer affected by the effect of "Necrovalley". 
 Since "Gravekeeper's Chief" was Tribute Summoned, its last effect activates, letting the Chief Special Summon " Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier " (1500 → 2000/1000 → 1500) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. The Chief then activates his face-down " Rite of Spirit " to Special Summon "Gravekeeper's Curse" (800 → 1300/800 → 1300) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. The effect of "Gravekeeper's Curse" then activates (Jaden 1000 → 500).
 "Gravekeeper's Assailant" attacks "Dark Catapulter". The Chief then activates the effect of "Gravekeeper's Assailant" to switch "Dark Catapulter" to Attack Position. Jaden then activates his face-down " Emergency Provisions " to send "Mirage of Nightmare" and his face-down " Fusion Sage " to the Graveyard and gain 1000 Life Points for each card sent this way (Jaden 500 → 2500). "Gravekeeper's Assailant" then destroys "Dark Catapulter" (Jaden 2500 → 1500). 
 "Gravekeeper's Chief" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down "Draining Shield" to negate the attack and increase his Life Points by the ATK of "Gravekeeper's Chief" (Jaden 1500 → 3900). "Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier" and "Gravekeeper's Curse" then attack directly (Jaden 3900 → 1900 → 600). 
 The Chief then activates " Royal Tribute " to force both players to discard all monsters in their hands. Jaden discards "Elemental HERO Sparkman", "Elemental HERO Clayman" and "Elemental HERO Necroshade", while the Chief discards nothing.
 Turn 12: Jaden 
Jaden draws "Elemental Hero Bladedge". He then uses the effect of " Elemental HERO Necroshade " from his Graveyard in order to Normal Summon " Elemental HERO Bladedge " (2600/1800) in Attack Position without Tributing. "Bladedge" attacks and destroys "Gravekeeper's Curse" (Chief 900 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 The dub cuts a brief scene near the start of the episode, where  Daitokuji  thinks to himself that the Shadow Duel should allow him to witness all of  Judai 's "dormant powers". However, he realizes he can't actually see the Duel anymore due to the lid of the coffin covering his field of vision. 
 In the original, Judai tells the Chief his dream of becoming the King of Games, and how much he admired  Yugi Muto , who had won countless  Shadow Games  in the past. In the English version, this is changed to Jaden declaring that he will still save his friends no matter what the Chief does. 
 In the original, Gravekeeper's Chief notes that Gravekeeper's Assailant was hesitating, and slapped her for it when she returned. In the English dub, Gravekeeper's Chief complains to her when she returns that she should have attacked faster, and the slap is removed. 
 Errors 
 In the dub, " Dark Magician of Chaos " is shown on  Gravekeeper's Chief 's  Duel Disk  instead of " Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier " when  Jaden  strikes the final blow. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Catapulter 
 Elemental HERO Bladedge 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Elemental HERO Necroshade 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Winged Kuriboh LV10 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Fusion Sage 
 Mirage of Nightmare 
 Pot of Greed 
 Silent Doom 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Transcendent Wings 
 Traps 
 Draining Shield 
 
 Gravekeeper's Chief Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gravekeeper's Assailant 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Gravekeeper's Curse 
 Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier 
 Gravekeeper's Watcher Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Designator 
 Hieroglyph Lithograph 
 Necrovalley 
 Royal Tribute 
 Traps 
 Graverobber's Retribution 
 Rite of Spirit 
 
 Chumley Huffington Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Des Koala 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Necroshade 
 Gravekeeper's Assailant 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Gravekeeper's Curse 
 Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Necrovalley 
 Royal Tribute 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/Series028.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120729150659', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/ElementalHERONecroshade-JP-Anime-GX.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150515104935']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes