Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Millennium_Necklace

      Millennium Necklace     
 The  Millennium Necklace  ( 千 年 タウク [1] [2] [Note 1]   Sennen Tauku ) is a type of clairvoyant necklace and one of the  Millennium Items .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   History 
 
 1.1   Ancient Egypt 
 1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 2   Abilities 
 3   Trivia 
 4   Notes 
 5   References 
 
 
 History 
 Ancient Egypt 
 The Millennium Necklace was originally owned by an unnamed  high priestess under Aknamkanon , later by  Isis  under  Atem , in Ancient Egypt. It was eventually used to resurrect  Zorc Necrophades . 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 One faction of the  Tomb Keepers  watched over the Necklace and the  Rod . After their  father  was murdered, Ishizu owned the Necklace.
 When first introducing herself to Kaiba and showing him the stone tablet brought from Egypt, Ishizu uses the Millennium Necklace to let Kaiba see a glimpse into the past, particularly over the battle between the  pharaoh  and a  sorcerer  that was once the pharaoh's friend.
 Using it to foresee her victory against  Seto Kaiba  in the  Battle City tournament , Ishizu eventually handed the necklace over to  Yugi  when her vision failed to come true (which was partly due to the  Millennium Rod  giving Kaiba a vision that convinced him to change his strategy), knowing that the necklace would be needed for Yugi to defeat and release her brother from the growing evil inside him. After  Joey  became critically injured after his Duel with  Yami Marik , the necklace showed  Yugi  a vision of him and Joey Dueling, giving him the courage to fight on.
 After the  Ceremonial Battle , the Necklace, along with the rest of the Items, were buried underground.
 
 Abilities 
 The necklace allows its wearer to see through time, offering vivid glimpses of the ancient past and near future - futures whose outcomes can only be altered through the inadvertent interference of other  Millennium Items .
 It can also protect its wearer from the shadow magic of other Millennium Items.
 
 Trivia 
 " Ma'at " bears the necklace along with the other six Millennium Items at its resting place in the sacred  Shrine of the Millennium Stone  itself. 
 v e 
 Millennium Items Items 
 Millennium Puzzle 
 Millennium Eye 
 Millennium Ring 
 Millennium Scale 
 Millennium Key 
 Millennium Rod 
 Millennium Necklace 
 Movies 
 Pyramid of Light 
 Quantum Cube 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   Sometimes explanatorily spelt  千 年 首飾り , with 首飾り  kubikazari  meaning "necklace". 
 
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2000-03-08). " 遊闘 150  集 いし 者 共 " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  17 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-872835-1 . 
 
 ↑   Takahashi, Kazuki  (2003-03-09). " 遊闘 281  超古代遺物 の 真 実 ‼ " (in Japanese).  Yu-Gi-Oh! .  32 .  Shueisha .  ISBN   4-08-873390-8 . 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/30/MillenniumNecklace.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20070806000013']
Categories: Jewelry, Millennium Items