Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mr._Armstrong

For other versions of this character, see  Mr. Armstrong (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Armstrong 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Armstrong 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 鷹栖 鷹栖 たかす Rōmaji: ( Takasu ) 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Chief of  The Facility 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Iron Chain 
 
 
 
 
 WC 2009 
 Go Takasu-C 
 
 
 WC 2010 
 The Facility 
 
 
 WC 2011 
 The Facility 
 
 
 Duel Transer 
 Chain of Prison Chain of Punishment 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 7: " The Facility, Part 2 " 
 
 
 Video game debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 Nintendo DS appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus 
 
 
 Wii appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 David Wills 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Koji Ishi 
 
 
 German voice 
 Marco Kröger 
 
 
 
 Armstrong , known as  Takasu  in the Japanese version and simply  Chief  in  Stardust Accelerator , is the Chief of  The Facility . He is a large, overwhelming man with a cruel personality and a particularly loud, booming voice. He seems to have large, muscular arms but also a thick, fat, and slightly jutting/overhanging belly, giving him a generally bulky and stocky overall appearance. He is noticeably uncouth as well; one of his favorite interrogation techniques is to pull out his own nose hair and blow it into his victim's face (this is edited in the dub, where he simply has foul breath, presumably due to his huge appetite). He is devoted to  Goodwin , and often serves as his bodyguard when he visits the prison. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Fortune Cup 
 
 
 3   Non-canon appearances 
 4   Decks 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Lineart.     
 Mr. Armstrong is a dark skinned male with brown eyes and a bald head which is covered by a Sector Security cap. He also has a large, pointed black beard. Mr. Armstrong's most notable features are his height and weight, both of which make him one of the largest characters in the series. His weight problems are made more evident in the English adaptation as he warns Yusei to not make him miss his lunch due to his blood sugar levels. His outfit consists of a dark green  Sector Security  uniform with the sleeves rolled up to his shoulders, a black belt with a rope and  Deck box  attached. He also wears brown arm bands that extend from his wrists to his elbows.
 
 Personality 
       Mr. Armstrong pull his nose hair.     
 Mr. Armstrong is a tyrant who runs The Facility with an iron fist to the extent that he abuses his power, finding amusement in torturing the inmates as well as framing them for crimes they didn't commit. When upset enough he is willing to even go against  Rex Goodwins  orders (which was to only keep observing Yusei. In the dub however he doesn't go against Rex Goodwin's order; for Rex Goodwin ordered him to set up a situation so Yusei would Duel him). He also holds a great deal of hatred towards Yusei, as he believes someone from Satellite isn't worthy of being a Signer. [1] 
 He is also shown to be a sadist as he thoroughly enjoyed torturing Yusei for information about his  Signer  birthmark as well as finding pleasure in pulling out his nose hair and blowing it into the inmates' faces. [2]  In the original, Mr. Armstrong refers to himself using the honorific  ore-sama ; the rough translation of this in English would be "My honorable self". Like other characters seen early on in the series, he looks down on residents from Satellite, referring to them as "trash". 
 
       The Chief's sadistic laugh.     
 Mr. Armstrong is also shown to be extremely cunning and devious as during his  Duel  with Yusei, he rigs the chain attached to his  Duel Disk  to prevent the electric current from electrocuting him. In addition, he has absolutely no honor, as he utilizes the cameras around The Facility to gain information about the cards in Yusei's hand and field, and goes back on his word to let Yusei and his friends go after losing. [3] 
 
 Biography 
 Fortune Cup 
 After Yusei Fudo is admitted to The Facility, Rex Goodwin inquired that Armstrong keep an eye on Yusei as he's a potential Signer. [1]  Armstrong observed Yusei's Duel with  Bolt Tanner  and informed Rex Goodwin about it. [4] 
 After the Duel, Armstrong had the majority of inmates transferred to a ward where their time is extended to a minimum of six months. In order to acquire information on Yusei, he framed Bolt for concealing a switchblade, which he used as an excuse to drag him to an interrogation room where despite his best efforts, Bolt refused to sell out his friend. Because of this, Armstrong beat Bolt up and informed the other inmates that because of his "crime", they all lost privileges to leaving their cells for one year. With this, the inmates display their annoyance to which Armstrong insulted them, stating that they're all unneeded. Hearing this, Yusei defended his fellow inmates to which Armstrong proposed a Duel where if Yusei wins, the inmates will be allowed their free time back and Bolt's "crime" will be overlooked, but if Yusei loses, he'd be at Armstrong's mercy for the rest of his life. Armstrong then has  Yanagi 's Deck confiscated so that Yusei wouldn't have access to any cards, meaning he'd lose his end of the bargain. However he was shocked when Yusei revealed he had acquired a Deck consisting of the various inmate's favorite cards. Armstrong then forces Yusei into a Duel where if they take damage, they receive an electric shock. However, when Yusei managed to inflict damage to Armstrong, he joked that his Duel Disk was broken, when in fact he rigged it so that the electric current wouldn't flow to him. [1] 
 As the Duel continued, Armstrong began to destroy Yusei's Deck, joking that the cards that belonged to the inmates belong in the trash. He also utilized the various cameras located around the duel field to spy on Yusei's hand and field. Yusei eventually came to know of this and used a power outage caused by  Alex 's friends to conceal  a card  in his hand up his sleeve as well as switch his  Set  cards. As Yusei gained an advantage, the electric current shocked Armstrong. Alex is then caught and reveals that instead of escaping, he used the opportunity to sabotage the machine that prevented the current from hitting Armstrong. Despite managing to  Synchro Summon  " Iron Chain Dragon " and reduce Yusei's Deck to zero, he lost after Yusei used the card he concealed to defeat Armstrong. Despite losing, Armstrong attempted to lock Yusei back up, backing out of his end of the bargain. However, Rex stopped him, revealing that he watched the Duel and was disappointed in Armstrong, telling him to leave (in the Dub, Goodwin fired him as a result for abusing his position). [3] 
 
 Non-canon appearances 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Duel Transer , Mr. Armstrong can be fought at the Yggdrasil Entrance. During the story he was the first test subject of the  Transcender  robot duelist. He ultimately lost. He was seen again as the first victim of the Bifrost war song, and he had a stronger Deck than he did before. Beating him will allow you to reach the goal panel of this level and allow you to move on.
 
 Decks 
 Main article:  Mr. Armstrong's Decks 
 In the anime  Mr. Armstrong  uses an  " Iron Chain " Deck  focused on milling the opponents  Deck  and inflicting  Effect damage . Although he is only featured once in the anime, he is featured in multiple video games, with his Decks being a mix of a  Mill  and  Lockdown  strategies.
 
 Trivia 
 He bears a resemblance to  Edi. E  from the  Final Fight  series. Both policemen are antagonistic, corrupt, and willing to cheat. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 9: " The Lockdown Duel Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 8: " Fire it Up! " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 10: " The Lockdown Duel, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  episode 7: " The Facility, Part 2 " 
 
 [1] v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime   characters Signer 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Leo (Lua) 
 Luna (Luca) 
 Akiza Izinski (Aki Izayoi) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sector Security 
 Tetsu Trudge (Tetsu Ushio) 
 Helicopter pilot 
 Mina Simington (Mikage Sagiri) 
 Lazar (Jeager, Yaeger) 
 Security chief 
 Hanson 
 Sector Security clerk 
 Kaz 
 Dark Signers 
 Kalin Kessler (Kyosuke Kiryu) 
 Roman Goodwin (Rudger Goodwin) 
 Devack (Demak) 
 Misty Tredwell (Misty Lola) 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Rex Goodwin 
 Iliaster 
 Antinomy / Bruno 
 Aporia 
 Jakob (Jose) 
 Primo (Placido) 
 Lester (Lucciano) 
 Paradox 
 Z-one 
 Ghost 
 Fake Jack Atlas 
 Clark Smith 
 Unnamed Iliaster member 
 Unknown Iliaster member 2 
 Tournaments 
 Fortune Cup 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Shira 
 Gill Randsborg (Jill deLauncebeaux) 
 Professor Frank 
 Commander Koda (Kodo Konomiya) 
 WRGP 
 Sherry
 Sherry LeBlanc 
 Elsworth (Mizoguchi) 
 Unicorn 
 Andre 
 Breo 
 Jean 
 Catastrophe 
 Hans 
 Hermann 
 Nicolas 
 Taiyo 
 Yoshizo Hayashi 
 Jinbei Tanigawa 
 Taro Yamashita 
 Ragnarok 
 Broder (Brave) 
 Dragan 
 Halldor (Harald) 
 
 Satellite 
 Yusei 's friends 
 Blitz (Nerve) 
 Rally Dawson 
 Nervin (Blitz) 
 Tank (Taka) 
 Plant 
 Lenny (Uryu) 
 Lug (Dojima) 
 Larry (Shizaki) 
 Crow 's friends 
 Daichi 
 Ginga 
 Kokoro 
 Hikari 
 Taiga 
 Daichi's father 
 Ginga's mother 
 Martha's house 
 Martha 
 Dr. Schmidt 
 Taka (Takuya) 
 John (Jun) 
 Mitch (Micchan) 
 Bashford (Tetsuzo Kuzuyama) 
 Other 
 Adam (Koki Kuzuyama) 
 Robert Pearson 
 Bolton (Bolger) 
 
 New Domino 
 The Facility 
 Tenzen Yanagi 
 Bolt Tanner (Jin Himuro) 
 Usui 
 Sakamaki 
 Armstrong (Takasu) 
 Alex (Kohei Aoyama) 
 Duel Academy 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Patty 
 Sly 
 Bob 
 Maria Bartlet (Maria) 
 Rudolph Heitmann 
 Chancellor 
 Lazar's family 
 Atsuko 
 Kaoru 
 Mother 
 Father 
 Brother 
 Sister 
 Future 
 Antinomy's crew 
 Antinomy's manager 
 Aporia's father 
 Aporia's mother 
 Eurea 
 Other 
 MC 
 Zigzix (Akutsu) 
 Bootleg owner 
 Blister (Saiga) 
 Aero (Yuji) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Langly 
 Angela Raines 
 Jesse Wheeler 
 Grady (Dick Pitt) 
 Mr. Pitts (Chief editor) 
 Rathie (Kurumizawa) 
 Male hippie 
 Female hippie 
 Dr. Fudo 
 Mrs. Fudo 
 Toby Tredwell (Toby Lola) 
 Mr. Izinski (Hideo Izayoi) 
 Mrs. Izinski (Setsuko) 
 Kate 
 Zora 
 Marco 
 Mikey (Miguel) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Haley (Michel) 
 Claire 
 Dobocle 
 Syd Barlow 
 Lyndon (Leo) 
 Stephanie 
 Rick 
 Haluna 
 Gus 
 Haluna's doctor 
 R.A. Market shopkeeper 
 Old lady 
 Purse snatcher 
 Lost girl 
 Cafe la Geen owner 
 
 Hunter 's opponents 
 Tatsuya Jyouchi 
 Esper Rouba 
 Ghost Takarazuka 
 Maizuru Kujyaku 
 Insector Hakata 
 Dinosaur Hakozaki 
 Pirates Keith 
 Nazca 
 Star Dragon King 
 Legendary Signer 
 Annie 
 Max 
 Nazca villager 
 Crash Town 
 Barbara 
 Radley (Ramon) 
 Malcolm 
 The Giant 
 Lawton (Lotten) 
 Nico 
 West 
 Sergio 
 Monster spirits 
 Signer Dragons 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Stardust Dragon 
 Red Dragon Archfiend (Red Daemon's Dragon) 
 Life Stream Dragon 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Black-Winged Dragon (Black-Feather Dragon) 
 Earthbound Immortals 
 Ccapac Apu 
 Ccarayhua 
 Uru 
 Cusillu 
 Aslla piscu 
 Chacu Challhua 
 Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Red Nova 
 Spirit World 
 Kuribon 
 Sunny Pixie 
 Key Mace 
 Watapon 
 Spirit of the Breeze 
 Jerry Beans Man 
 Dancing Fairy 
 Petit Angel 
 Sunlight Unicorn 
 Torunka 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Magician of Faith 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Regulus 
 Zeman 
 Other 
 King of the Netherworld (King of the Underworld) 
 Familiar of Red Nova 
 Quetzalcoatl 
 
 Other 
 Dr. LeBlanc 
 Mrs. LeBlanc 
 Guard Robot 
 Jessica 
 Cup Ramen Man 
 Flight attendant 
 Sebastian 
 Scout man 
 
 v e 
Mr. Armstrong (Takasu) pages 
 Anime 
 World Championship 
 Duel Transer 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 
 ↑   Deutsche Synchronkartei:  Marco Kröger 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8f/Mrarmstrong.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160606064321', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/Takasulinework.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150316225242', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/43/Image7.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110226072753', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cc/Image8.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20110226073604']
Categories: Characters, Mr. Armstrong pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's characters