Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_026


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ＶＳ 万丈目 サンダー（後編） アームドドラゴンＬＶ７ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Vāsasu Manjōme Sandā (Kōhen) Āmudo Doragon Reberu Sebun 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 VS Manjoume Thunder (Second Part) - Armed Dragon LV7 
 
 
 English 
 The School Duel, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 026 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 March 30, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 13, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah (快晴・上昇・ハレルーヤ)" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle (限界バトル)" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yang Kwang Seok 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The School Duel, Part 1 " 
 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " 
 
 
 
 
 "The School Duel, Part 2" , known as  "VS Manjoume Thunder (Second Part) - Armed Dragon LV7"  in the Japanese version, is the twenty-sixth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on March 30, 2005 and in the United States on December 13, 2005.
 The inter-school Duel between  Jaden Yuki  and  Chazz Princeton  continues, with the latter continuing his assault with " Armed Dragon LV7 " and the former unveiling new cards to counter this.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Chazz Princeton 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 Chazz Princeton  has just declared a  direct attack  with his " Armed Dragon LV7 " against  Jaden Yuki  in the interschool match between  North Academy  and  Duel Academy . Jaden has 1600  Life Points , while Chazz still has 3600. Jaden protects his Life Points by activating his face-down " Hero Spirit ", reducing the  Battle damage  to zero. He  draws  " Winged Kuriboh " and Summons him in  Defense Position . The  spirit  of " Ojama Yellow " appears before Chazz, and "Winged Kuriboh" points this out to Jaden, who is surprised that Chazz obtained a Duel Spirit. Chazz attacks and destroys "Winged Kuriboh" with "Armed Dragon LV7" to end his turn.  Syrus Truesdale  questions why he didn't use the effect of "Armed Dragon LV7" to destroy "Winged Kuriboh" and then attack directly, with  Bastion Misawa  responding that "Winged Kuriboh's" effect would make Jaden immune from damage during the turn its destroyed. Jaden plays " Pot of Greed ", drawing two cards, and declaring he's drawn the card that will turn the Duel around. He  discards  " Hero Kid " to  activate  " Special Hurricane ", which destroys all monsters on the field that were  Special Summoned . "Armed Dragon LV7" is destroyed, and Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Wildheart ", who attacks directly, reducing Chazz to 2100 Life Points.
 Chazz 's  brothers  are angry that Chazz is losing, and question why he's not using the cards from the briefcase that they gave him. Chazz gets to feet and plays " The Graveyard in the Fourth DImension ", which lets him return two monsters with "LV" in their names from his  Graveyard  to his  Deck . He shuffles " Armed Dragon LV7 " and "Armed Dragon LV7" back into his Deck. Chazz Summons another copy of "Armed Dragon LV3" in Defense Position and  Sets  a card to end his turn. Chazz stars up at his brothers, and Jaden realizes that the pressure that Chazz is under isn't from North Academy, but from his older brothers. Jaden tells Chazz that he shouldn't be Dueling to win, or Dueling under pressure, he should be Dueling for fun. Jaden attacks and destroys "Armed Dragon LV3" with "Wildheart" and Chazz activates his face-down " The Grave of Enkindling ". This lets both players Special Summon one monster from their respective Graveyards in Defense Position. Chazz Summons " Armed Dragon LV5 " and Jaden Summons "Hero Kid". Chazz questions when that card was sent to the Graveyard and Jaden responds that he discarded "Hero Kid" to activate "Special Hurricane". The effect of "Hero Kid" activates when he is Special Summoned, letting Jaden Special Summons two more copies from his Deck in Defense Position. Jaden Sets a card to end his turn. Chazz plays " Level Up! ", which lets him  Tribute  "Armed Dragon LV5" to Special Summon "Armed Dragon LV7",  ignoring its Summoning conditions . Chazz activates " Armed Changer ",  equipping  it to "Armed Dragon LV7" by discarding an unspecified  Equip Spell Card . When the equipped monster destroys a monster in battle, Chazz may add a card with less attack points than the destroyed monster from his Graveyard to his hand. "Armed Dragon LV7" attacks and destroys "Wildheart", leaving Jaden with 300 Life Points. "Armed Changer" lets Chazz add " Masked Dragon " from his Graveyard to his hand, which he discards via the effect of "Armed Dragon LV7", destroying all three "Hero Kids".
 Chazz urges Jaden to surrender to prevent himself from being humiliated on the television broadcast. However, Jaden has been having fun in this School Duel the whole time and sees no reason to give up. Jaden is disappointed that Chazz is unable to have fun while Dueling him, and hopes that the next time they Duel, both of them can enjoy themselves. He activates " The Warrior Returning Alive ", adding " Elemental HERO Avian " from his Graveyard to his hand. He then plays " Polymerization ", fusing "Avian" with the " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " in his hand to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman " in Attack Position. Chazz questions what the point was, as it can't defeat "Armed Dragon LV7". Jaden responds by activating his face-down " Miracle Kids ", lets him  target  one monster, reducing its attack points by 400 for each "Hero Kid" in his Graveyard. With three, the ATK of "Armed Dragon LV7]]" drops to 1600. Realizing that Chazz will lose, the television crew cuts the broadcast. Jaden attacks, destroying "Armed Dragon LV7", with "Flame Wingman's" effect activating, inflicting damage to Chazz equal to his destroyed monster's attack points (As Chazz's life points fall from this attack, they are initially shown as 2700 but correctly fall to 1600. It should show 2100 before the attack).
 
Chazz's brothers chide him for losing, and question why he didn't use the rare cards they gave him. He responds that he wanted to win with his own Deck. Jagger lifts Chazz up by the collar of his uniform, and Jaden tells them both to stop.       Chancellor Sheppard 's prize.      Jaden tells them that though Chazz lost the Duel, he won the fight against his brothers. Chazz feels like no one would believe he's a winner, but both the North and Central Academy student confirm this with his signature cheer. Slade and Jagger depart, and everyone meets at the  submarine  to see the North Academy students off. Chazz reveals he wishes to return to Duel Academy.  Dr. Crowler  announces that the prize will now be awarded, and its revealed to be a kiss from  Ms. Dorothy  for the Chancellor of the winning school. The sub departs, and  Professor Banner  informs Chazz that since he is technically transferring from North Academy, he must begin in the  Slifer Red  dorm, which Chazz is not happy about.
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Chazz Princeton 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Duel continues from  the previous episode .
 Jaden has 1600 Life Points remaining and controls one set card.
 Chazz has 3600 Life Points remaining and controls "Armed Dragon LV7" (2800/1000) in Attack Position.
 Turn 7: Chazz 
Chazz has just attacked directly with " Armed Dragon LV7 ", but Jaden  activates  his face-down " Hero Spirit " to negate the attack as an  Elemental Hero  was destroyed this turn.
 Turn 8: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Winged Kuriboh " and subsequently Normal Summons it (300/200) in  Defense Position . When this card is destroyed, Jaden will take no further Battle Damage on the turn "Winged Kuriboh" is destroyed.
 Turn 9: Chazz 
Chazz draws. "Armed Dragon LV7" attacks and destroys "Winged Kuriboh".
 Turn 10: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it to  draw  two cards ("Special Hurricane" and " Elemental Hero Wildheart "). Jaden then activates " Special Hurricane " to  discard  " Hero Kid " and destroy all monsters on the field that were  Special Summoned . Jaden then Normal Summons "Elemental Hero Wildheart" (1500/1600) in  Attack Position . "Wildheart" attacks directly (Chazz 3600 → 2100).
 Turn 11: Chazz 
Chazz draws " The Graveyard in the Fourth Dimension " and subsequently activates it to add "Armed Dragon LV7" and one of his " Armed Dragon LV3 " from his  Graveyard  to his  Deck . Chazz then Normal Summons "Armed Dragon LV3" (1200/900) in Defense Position and  Sets  a card.
 Turn 12: Jaden 
Jaden draws. "Wildheart" attacks and destroys "Armed Dragon LV3". Since a monster Chazz controlled was destroyed by battle and sent to the Graveyard, Chazz activates his face-down " The Grave of Enkindling " to allow each player to Special Summon one monster from their respective Graveyards in Defense Position, however the Special Summoned monsters are forbidden from changing their battle positions. Chazz Special Summons "Armed Dragon LV5" (2400/1700) in Defense Position, while Jaden Special Summons "Hero Kid" (300/600) in Defense Position. Since "Hero Kid" was Special Summoned, its effect activates, letting Jaden Special Summon two more "Hero Kids" (300/600 each) from his Deck in Defense Position. Jaden then Sets a card.
 Turn 13: Chazz 
Chazz draws. He then activates " Level Up! " to send "Armed Dragon LV5" to the Graveyard and Special Summon "Armed Dragon LV7" from his Deck (2800/1000) in Attack Position,  ignoring its Summoning conditions . Chazz then activates " Armed Changer " to discard an Equip Spell Card and equip "Armed Changer" onto "Armed Dragon LV7". Now when the equipped monster destroys a monster in battle, Chazz may add a monster that has equal or less ATK than that of the equipped monster from his Graveyard to his hand. 
 "Armed Dragon LV7" attacks and destroys "Wildheart" (Jaden 1600 → 300). The second effect of "Armed Changer" activates, letting Chazz add " Masked Dragon " from his Graveyard to his hand. Chazz then activates the effect of "Armed Dragon LV7" to send "Masked Dragon" from his hand to the Graveyard and destroy all monsters on Jaden's side of the field.
 Turn 14: Jaden 
Jaden draws " The Warrior Returning Alive " and subsequently activates it to return " Elemental HERO Avian " from his Graveyard to his hand. Jaden then activates " Polymerization " to fuse "Avian" with " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " in order to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates his face-down " Miracle Kids " to decrease the ATK of "Armed Dragon LV7" by 400 for each "Hero Kid" in Jaden's Graveyard until the End Phase. There are currently three ("Armed Dragon LV7": 2800 → 1600/1000). "Flame Wingman" attacks and destroys "Armed Dragon LV7" (Chazz 2100 → 1600). Since "Flame Wingman" destroyed a monster in battle and sent it to the Graveyard, its effect activates, inflicting damage to Chazz equal to the ATK of his destroyed monster (Chazz 1600 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the Japanese version, the students of  the north school  chant "Manjoume Thunder", which is a play on Manjoume's  insistence at being addressed formally . He had  previously  told them to address him as "Manjoume sanda", which is similiar in pronunciation to the English word "thunder", thus causing the confusion. However, the nickname ends up sticking. In the English version, they chant "Chazz it up!" instead, which is a play on the term "jazz it up". 
 In the Japanese version,  Ojama Yellow  states that  Winged Kuriboh  could know something about Ojama Yellow's missing brothers, and asks  Manjoume  to Summon him so he can ask. In the English version, Ojama Yellow instead insults Winged Kuriboh's appearance. 
 When Jaden calls for a  direct attack  with " Elemental HERO Wildheart ", he hesitates for a second before completing the order. In the English version, this is because Jaden tried to go for a witty line, then realized, "Actually, that doesn't make sense!" In the Japanese version, this is because Judai was initially calling for a direct attack on Manjoume but then rephrased it as an attack on Sanda, showing the first time Judai follows the new title. 
 In the Japanese version,  Principal Ichinose  realizes that he forgot to take the " Armed Dragon " cards back from Manjoume as the sub departs. Despite this comment, the issue is not brought up ever again, despite the interschool match supposedly being an annual event. In the English version, he yells that he'll be back for  Ms. Dorothy  next year. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Wildheart 
 Hero Kid  x3 
 Winged Kuriboh Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Pot of Greed 
 Special Hurricane 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Hero Spirit 
 Miracle Kids 
 
 Chazz Princeton Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV3  x2 
 Armed Dragon LV5 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Masked Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Armed Changer 
 Level Up! 
 The Graveyard in the Fourth Dimension 
 Traps 
 The Grave of Enkindling 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Series026.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121123011824', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/The_inter-school_match_prize.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121123010914', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes