Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Fool_of_Prophecy

The  Arabic, Chinese  and  Croatian                      names given are not official.  
 The  Chinese                lore given is not official.  
 
 This card's written lore in the Chinese has not yet been transcribed; if you are able to read Chinese, please help out by adding an accurate Chinese lore from  this image  to this page. The current Chinese lore listed here is only a reconstruction and may not be fully correct.     
 
 
 
 
 
 Fool of Prophecy 魔 導 化 士  マット 
 
 English 
Fool of Prophecy 
 Chinese 
 魔导化士 玛特 Check translation 
 French 
 Mat de la Prophétie Check translation 
 German 
 Der Narr der Prophezeiung Check translation 
 Italian 
 Matto della Profezia Check translation 
 Korean 
 마도화사 매트 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Tolo da Profecia Check translation 
 Spanish 
 El Bufón de la Profecía Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 まどうけし マット Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 魔導化士 マット Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Madōkeshi Matto 
 Japanese (translated) 
Mat the Magical Fool 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 EARTH   
 Types 
 Spellcaster  /  Effect 
 Level 
 3   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 1600  /  900 
 Passcode 
 63175639 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Ignition 
 Trigger Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Once per turn : You can  send  1 " Spellbook "  Spell Card  from your  Deck  to the  Graveyard . During the  End Phase  of the  turn  this card  activated  this  effect : You can  Tribute  this card;  Special Summon  1  Level  5 or higher  DARK   Spellcaster - Type   monster  from your Deck. You must have 5 or more "Spellbook" Spell Cards with different names in your Graveyard to activate and to  resolve  this effect. 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Une fois par tour : vous pouvez envoyer 1 Carte Magie "Livre de Magie" depuis votre Deck au Cimetière. Durant la End Phase du tour où cette carte a activé cet effet : vous pouvez Sacrifier cette carte ; Invoquez Spécialement 1 monstre TÉNÈBRES de Type Magicien de min. Niveau 5 depuis votre Deck. Vous devez avoir min. 5 Cartes Magie "Livre de Magie" de noms différents dans votre Cimetière pour activer et résoudre cet effet. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Einmal pro Spielzug: Du kannst 1 „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarte von deinem Deck auf den Friedhof legen. Während der End Phase des Spielzugs, in dem diese Karte diesen Effekt aktiviert hat: Du kannst diese Karte als Tribut anbieten; beschwöre 1 FINSTERNIS Monster vom Typ Hexer der Stufe 5 oder höher als Spezialbeschwörung von deinem Deck. Du musst 5 oder mehr „Magiebuch“-Zauberkarten mit unterschiedlichen Namen in deinem Friedhof haben, um diesen Effekt zu aktivieren und aufzulösen. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Una volta per turno: puoi mandare 1 Carta Magia "Libro di Magia" dal tuo Deck al Cimitero. Durante la End Phase del turno in cui questa carta ha attivato questo effetto: puoi offrire come Tributo questa carta; Evoca Specialmente 1 mostro OSCURITÀ di Tipo Incantatore di Livello 5 o superiore dal tuo Deck. Devi avere 5 o più Carte Magia "Libro di Magia" con nomi diversi nel tuo Cimitero per attivare e risolvere questo effetto. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Uma vez por turno: você pode enviar 1 Card de Magia "Livro de Magia" do seu Deck para o Cemitério. Durante a Fase Final do turno em que este card ativou este efeito: você pode oferecer este card como Tributo; Invoque por Invocação-Especial 1 monstro de TREVAS do Tipo Mago de Nível 5 ou mais do seu Deck. Você deve ter 5 ou mais Cards de Magia "Livro de Magia" com nomes diferentes em seu Cemitério para ativar e resolver este efeito. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Una vez por turno: puedes mandar al Cementerio 1 Carta Mágica "Libro de Magia" en tu Deck. Durante la End Phase del turno en el que esta carta activó este efecto: puedes Sacrificar esta carta; Invoca de Modo Especial, desde tu Deck, 1 monstruo de OSCURIDAD de Tipo Lanzador de Conjuros de Nivel 5 o mayor. Debes tener 5 o más Cartas Mágicas "Libro de Magia" con nombre diferente en tu Cementerio para activar y resolver este efecto. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 １ターンに１度、デッキから「魔導書」と名のついた魔法カード１枚を墓地へ送る事ができる。この効果を発動したターンのエンドフェイズ時、自分の墓地の「魔導書」と名のついた魔法カードが５種類以上の場合、このカードをリリースする事で、デッキから魔法使い族・闇属性・レベル５以上のモンスター１体を特殊召喚する。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Chinese 
 
 
 1回合1次，可以将卡组中一张名字中带有【魔导书】的魔法卡送去墓地。使用此效果的回合的结束阶段时，如果自己墓地中名字中带有【魔导书】的魔法卡在5种以上时，可以将此卡作为祭品，然后将卡组中一只魔法师族·暗属性·等级5以上的怪兽特殊召唤上场。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 1턴에 1번, 덱에서 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 마법 카드 1장을 묘지로 보낼 수 있다. 이 효과를 발동한 턴의 엔드 페이즈시, 자신 묘지의 "마도서"라는 이름이 붙은 마법 카드가 5종류 이상일 경우, 이 카드를 릴리스하는 것으로, 덱에서 마법사족 / 어둠 속성 / 레벨 5 이상의 몬스터 1장을 특수 소환한다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2013-01-25 CBLZ-EN035 Cosmo Blazer Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2013-01-24 CBLZ-FR035 Cosmo Blazer Le Feu du Cosmos Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2013-01-24 CBLZ-DE035 Cosmo Blazer Cosmo Blazer Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2013-01-24 CBLZ-IT035 Cosmo Blazer Fiammata Cosmica Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2013-01-25 CBLZ-PT035 Cosmo Blazer Explosão Cósmica Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2013-01-24 CBLZ-SP035 Cosmo Blazer Cosmos Abrasador Super Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2012-11-17 CBLZ-JP035 Cosmo Blazer ＣＯＳＭＯ　ＢＬＡＺＥＲ Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Traditional Chinese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Traditional Chinese name Rarity December 5, 2015 CBLZ-KR035 Cosmo Blazer 炎星戰士 Common 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2013-02-13 CBLZ-KR035 Cosmo Blazer 우주의 섬광 Common 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Supports   
 DARK 
 Spellcaster 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Prophecy 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Spellbook 
 
 Actions  
 Sends from your Deck to your Graveyard 
 Tributes itself for cost 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 Special Summons from your Deck 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 10394 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Prophecy " 「 魔 導 」 Members 
 Amores of Prophecy Ancient Sorcerer Apprentice Illusion Magician Armor Exe Breaker the Dark Magical Warrior Breaker the Magical Warrior Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer D/D Savant Copernicus D/D Savant Galilei D/D Savant Kepler D/D Savant Newton D/D Savant Nikola D/D Savant Thomas Dark Cavalry Dark Magician the Magical Knight of Dragons The Dark Magicians Dark Paladin Day-Breaker the Shining Magical Warrior Defender, the Magical Knight Ebon High Magician Ebon Illusion Magician Ebon Magician Curran Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Endymion, the Master Magician Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic The Fiend Megacyber Fool of Prophecy Gilti-Gearfried the Magical Steel Knight Giltia the D. Knight Giltia the D. Knight - Soul Spear Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy The Illusory Gentleman Justice of Prophecy Magical Cavalry of Cxulub Magical Merchant Magical Scientist Master of Chaos Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon Silent Paladin Skilled Brown Magician Skilled White Magician Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Stoic of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Supreme Arcanite Magician Temperance of Prophecy Testament of the Arcane Lords Time Wizard of Tomorrow Water Magician Wheel of Prophecy White Magician Pikeru World of Prophecy 
 Dark Magical Circle The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Mage Power Magical Contract Door Magical Mid-Breaker Field Mega Ton Magical Cannon Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master Type Zero Magic Crusher 
 Support 
 Stoic of Prophecy 
 Related 
 Aleister the Invoker Aleister the Invoker of Madness Behegon Black Luster Soldier Buster Blader Crowley, the Magistus of Grimoires Dark Magician Dark Magician Dark Magician Girl Gearfried the Iron Knight Guardian of the Labyrinth Marine Beast Princess Curran Princess Pikeru Protector of the Throne Red-Eyes Black Dragon Time Wizard 
 Trial of the Princesses 
 
   
" Spellbook " 「 魔 導 書 」 Members 
 Spellbook Magician of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Hidden Spellbook Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Organization Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of Wisdom Spellbook of the Master 
 Support 
 Amores of Prophecy Charioteer of Prophecy Crowley, the First Propheseer Emperor of Prophecy Empress of Prophecy Fool of Prophecy Hermit of Prophecy Hierophant of Prophecy High Priestess of Prophecy Justice of Prophecy Prophecy Destroyer Reaper of Prophecy Spellbook Magician of Prophecy Strength of Prophecy Temperance of Prophecy Wheel of Prophecy World of Prophecy 
 The Grand Spellbook Tower Spellbook Library of the Crescent Spellbook Library of the Heliosphere Spellbook Star Hall Spellbook of Eternity Spellbook of Fate Spellbook of Judgment Spellbook of Knowledge Spellbook of Life Spellbook of Miracles Spellbook of Power Spellbook of Secrets Spellbook of the Master 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/de/FoolofProphecy-CBLZ-EN-SR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20130704165539', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a1/EARTH.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918053843', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Card pages with a lore in need of transcription, Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards