Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Aura_Sentia

For the  Tag Force  version of this character, see  Aura Sentia (Tag Force) .      
 
 
 Aura Sentia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Aura Sentia 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 方 中  ミエル 方中 ミエル ほうちゅん ミエル Rōmaji: ( Hōchun Mieru ) 
 
 
 Korean name  
 미엘 KRR: Miel Translated:  Miel 
 
 
 French name  
 Aura Sentia 
 
 
 German name  
 Aura Sentia 
 
 
 Italian name  
 Aura Sentia 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed parents [1] 
 
 
 
 
 School 
 Fortune Prep School 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Junior Youth" Class   Did not place [2]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Prediction Princess 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 22: " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Sarah Natochenny 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Aoi Yūki 
 
 
 
 Aura Sentia , known as  Mieru Hochun  ( 方 中  ミエル  Hōchun Mieru ) originally in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is a young fortune-teller, and a student at the  Fortune Prep School . She later becomes infatuated with  Yuya Sakaki  after predicting her fortune of finding her fated person.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Voice/Mannerisms 
 1.4   Abilities 
 1.5   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Arc League Championship 
 2.4   Friendship Cup 
 2.5   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   Trivia 
 6   References 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Aura.     
 Aura is a fair-skinned young girl of low height with long curly red hair with a purple ribbon tied on top of her head and bright-green eyes. She wears a mostly purple flowing dress, and what appears to be a white blouse underneath, with a pink ribbon on her collar and a yellow coin-shaped pendant. She wears a pair of white socks and what appear to be brown sandals. Notably, she is always seen with a crystal apple.
 
 Personality 
 Aura's time as a fortune teller has led her to believe that future events are pre-determined by destiny. During her fantasies of imagining who her destiny  Duelist  will be, Aura has been shown to be attracted to handsome men, up to the point that she gets nosebleeds just thinking about them. However, she was disappointed upon learning that  Yuya  was the destined person [3] , but she fell for him after she was defeated, much to  Zuzu 's ire. [4]  Her feelings for Yuya are such that she decided to forfeit her  Arc League Championship  Match after she heard that Yuya was unconscious. [2] 
 
 Voice/Mannerisms 
 Aura refers to herself in the third person, using her name as a personal pronoun, a mannerism that shows cuteness in Japanese.
 
 Abilities 
 Aura is a fortuneteller and as such is able to read and predict the future. Although her predictions are not always definitive, she is able to foretell whether a person or herself will have a good fortune or tragedy, by using her deck as Tarot Cards, similar to  Sartorius . Aura is also able to locate an individual as she could accurately determine  Yuya 's location at one time.
 
 Etymology 
 方 中   Hōchun  is a pun on フォーチュン  Fōchun  or "Fortune", as the sounds "f" and "h" are very similar in Japanese. ミエル  Mieru  is pronounced identically to  見 える  mieru , "to see". Therefore her Japanese name "Houchun Mieru" can be interpreted as "to see one's fortune", referring to Aura's character. As the kanji for her surname can also be read as "person" and "inside" via alternate pronunciations, another possible interpretation is "to see the person inside" or "to see inside a person".
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Growing up, Aura used fortune-telling to predict all of her decisions, such as when she lost her way, on tests and even to predict the weather. [3] 
 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 While fortune telling, Aura read her future about her upcoming Duels to enter the  Arc League Championship , predicting that she would win all six. However, when she turned a card over, it was revealed to be " Arcana Force VI - The Lovers ", causing her to fall off of her chair in excitement, predicting that she would meet her fated person. She later awaited her opponent and fated person, who turned out to be  Yuya Sakaki , who fell down the stairs leading to the Dueling chamber of the school. The way Yuya fell caused him to accidentally look up Aura's skirt, causing her to smash her crystal apple on his head, not only for that but also for his appearance of being her fated person. Angered, Aura questioned whether or not her fortune-telling was correct about Yuya being her fated person. They then began the Duel, with Aura reading all of Yuya's moves correctly through the use of coins, her Deck and the  Action Cards  scattered around the Action Field, also predicting that something bad would happen to Yuya if he didn't surrender the Duel. Yuya's constant misfortune lead to Aura successfully executing her  Flip  and  Ritual Monster  strategy. [3]  As the Duel continued, Aura kept trying to convince Yuya to surrender to avoid being hurt, but he refused, almost being crushed by rubble from the Action Field as a result. However, he overcame this and defeated Aura with his newly gained " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", not only winning the Duel, but also Aura's heart, with her interrupting a conversation between Yuya and  Zuzu  to ask when she would meet Yuya's parents, angering Zuzu in the process. [4] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Aura appeared at the opening ceremonies to greet  Yuya . However, when she found out he wasn't there, she used her crystal apple to attempt to locate her "darling," much to the displease of  Zuzu  who was being restrained by  Frederick ,  Allie  and  Tate  from angrily using her paper fan to smack Aura. [1] 
 Aura heard about Yuya's injury and rushed to his house to take care of him, setting up various occult-like measures to attempt to get him to recover. Zuzu and Yuya's mother,  Yoko Sakaki , eventually suggested that Aura go to her Duel and see if that would wake Yuya up. Aura agreed, reaching the stadium just in time for her match against  Moon Shadow , vowing to finish him off in two turns. Despite her vows, Moon Shadow defeated her with a  One Turn Kill . She was overjoyed to see Yuya afterwards when he recovered, but he ignored her flying hug and attempted to talk to  Shay . [2] 
 Displeased at the feeds being cut during the  Battle Royal , Aura went to the Ancient Ruins Area looking for Yuya. After seeing Yuya in his  Awakened  state, she rushed to help him, but was stopped by  Gong . Gong himself leaped up and rescued Yuya from a falling pillar, ordering Aura to get help. Gong,  Reed Pepper  and  Trout  later restrained Yuya in the Jungle Area after Aura brought the latter two to help her, while Aura used her crystal apple to see what was wrong with him. To her surprise, she found  two  souls in Yuya's heart, along with another  darkness  that was trying to consume both. When Yuya snapped out of the Awakened state, Aura and the rest of the group explained what had happened to him. [5] 
 After walking out in the Iceberg Area, Aura found Zuzu with  Yugo . She didn't see Yugo's face. When Aura noted that Zuzu was dressed differently, she thought that Zuzu was cheating on Yuya. However, as her anger came on, she slid and fell into a chunk of ice, knocking her unconscious. Later, Reed and Trout found her and decided to bring her to safety, but they ended up on the Volcano Area where the  Obelisk Force  were Dueling against  Celina , Moon Shadow and  Shay . Reed and Trout decided to join the Duel, but Aura herself was not present. [6] 
 Aura was seen on Dennis' back, still unconscious where Dennis claimed that he had found her. Moments after the Arc League Championship, she regained consciousness and immediately found Celina with Yuya. She mistook Celina for Zuzu and thought she had been cheating on Yuya, but Celina cleared up the misunderstanding. [7] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Aura was present during  Yuya 's Duel against  Declan , excited to see him Summon the " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " that he had used against her. [8]  When Yuya lost most of his  LP , Aura and  Gong  attempted to assist him, but Yuya waved them back, claiming that he had to win himself. She was saddened to see Yuya lose in the end. [9]  Aura accompanied the  Lancers  back to Paradise Stadium, and when the crowd reacted angrily to  Sylvio 's presence, believing him to have gained re-entry into the tournament after losing, Aura quickly protested that she wasn't in the tournament, nor was she a Lancer. She later watched Yuya's Duel with  Yoko Sakaki , and after he won, she predicted his future, declaring that he was going to travel. [10] [11] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat and the  Standard Dimension  being reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Aura had lost her memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . She was present during the  Battle Royal  with  Reed  and  Trout . [12]  She is seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack Atlas  with  Gong  and  Sylvio [13]  and was happy when Yuya won. She then watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [14]  She was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed Zuzu's revival. [15] 
 
 Deck 
 Aura uses a  " Prediction Princess " Deck , which focuses on  Flip  and  Ritual Summoning . She utilizes a lockdown combo with " Prediction Princess Astromorrigan ", " Prediction Princess Petalelf " and " Prediction Princess Tarotrei " to constantly prevent her opponent from  attacking  while also  destroying  all of their  monsters  and inflicting  effect damage .
 
 
 Prediction Princess Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Prediction Princess Arrowsylph 
 Prediction Princess Astromorrigan 
 Prediction Princess Coinorma 
 Prediction Princess Crystaldine 
 Prediction Princess Petalelf 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Prediction Princess Tarotrei Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Prediction Ritual 
 Traps 
 Black Cat-astrophe 
 Reverse Reuse [Notes 1] 
 
 Owned cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Arcana Force VI - The Lovers [Notes 2] 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 22 - 23 
 Lose
 
 
 Moon Shadow 
 38 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Aura is one of two characters in the  ARC-V  anime to utilize a Deck based around  Ritual Summoning ; the other being  Alexis Rhodes . 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 22: " A Date With Fate: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 23: " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 49: " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 50: " Dueling Declan " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 51: " Kings vs. Dragons " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card is  Set  in  episode 23 , but is not  activated . 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen when she predicts the future in  episode 22 . 
 
 
 v e 
 Aura Sentia  (Mieru Houchun) pages 
 Anime 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bb/Aura_Sentia.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190203173103', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/FullAuraSentia.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140831122937']
Categories: Characters, Aura Sentia pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters