Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_OCG_Structures_-_Chapter_009


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures - Chapter 009
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 アゲハの 実 力 
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Ageha no Jitsuryoku
 
 
 
 Japanese translation
 
 
 Ageha's True Skills
 
 
 
 Number
 
 
 9
 
 
 
 Release date(s)
 
 
  February 20, 2020 
 
 
 Chapter listing
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures chapter listing 
 
 
 Previous
 
 God Phoenix VS Declarer 
 
 
 Next
 
 The New Master Rules 
 
 "Ageha's True Skills"  is the ninth chapter of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures .
 Ageha Yusa  heads out to Adult's Night at the Satellite Shop, and runs into a familiar face while she's there.
 
 Summary 
 One day, at the Satellite Shop, Ms. Guide announces the start of "Adults-only Duel Tournament". The participants form a line, with a specific short man with a long beard. Ms. Guide recognizes him as Shoma, and lets him know that he can't join the tournament. Shoma pretends he does not know that name, to which she knocks off his beard. Shoma presents his membership card, but Ms. Guide explains that people, who are 25 years or older, can take part in the tournament. She also reminds that it is late, which makes Shoma depressed that he won't be able to Duel. Strong Jukyu takes Shoma out, promising he can Duel him, while Ms. Guide invites Shoma to join the tournament in 12 years after. Some time later, Ageha runs through the streets, and enters the Satellite Shop. She asks Ms. Guide for the event, but the latter replies that the tournament is over.
 Ageha is depressed she won't be able to Duel, though it makes her furious that her boss made her work late to miss this event, which she has been looking forward to ever since she became 25. Ageha is frustrated, knowing she won't come here any time soon, as she has lot of work to do. Suddenly, the manager, Gobu, steps in, offering himself as her opponent. He remarks that she has gotten lovelier since they met first. Ageha recognizes him as Rintaro. She becomes excited, realizing he was also at the school graduation. Ms. Guide prompts if the manager knows this woman, to which Ageha praises Gobu for his position, who remarks she was a world-renowned Duelist in elementary school. Ms. Guide is in shock, realizing this is the famous Duelist years ago, who used the "Traptrix" Deck. Ageha is surprised to hear she is famous, as Ms. Guide remarks there are few women who are famous in this card game.
 Ageha admits her fault at not reaching the finals. Ms. Guide starts wondering about the surname Yusa, and is amazed to hear that Shoma is actually Ageha's brother. She realizes the motivation, and the skill behind Shoma's Duels. Ageha asks isn't it already late, since they should close soon. Gobu assures her it is fine, while Ms. Guide really wants to see Ageha play. Ageha smiles, thanking Gobu for his kindness, who becomes startled. On the stage, Gobu prepares himself, thinking he only started to play the game to get closer to Ageha. However, he soon became the manager of the store, never getting close to her true love, Ageha. As he removes his equipment, he wonders if this is just a mere dream to face her. Removing his shirt, Gobu flexes his muscles, which creeps the ladies out.
 Gobu exclaims he has been training a lot, to unleash his strength in Dueling Ageha. Ageha replies that muscles don't really have anything to do with Dueling, while Ms. Guide hopes that he takes his job a bit more seriously. Regardless, the two sides start the Duel: Ageha Normal Summons "Traptrix Myrmeleo", which lets her add a "Network Trap Hole" card to her hand, from her Deck. As she uses "Myrmeleo" to Link Summon "Traptrix Sera", Ageha sets four cards. As Ageha ends her turn, Ms. Guide comments her card sleeves, which depict "Traptrix Sera", a choice that won the second place in the poll. Ageha remarks that "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" earned the first place. In fact, she was too focused on checking the results during work, when those results arrived. Ms. Guide admits she voted for "Tour Guide From the Underworld", though she and Ageha hope it becomes a card sleeve next time.
 Gobu declares "Muscle Draw!" He plays "Upstart Goblin", which lets him draw a card, while he gives 1000 LP to Ageha, as a present for their reunion after 10 years. Ageha thanks him, but is a bit displeased as to why is he posing. Gobu is ecstatic to her praise, then Normal Summons "Goblindbergh": he places it in Defense Position to Special Summon a "Scrounging Goblin". Gobu looks at her field, remarking four set cards should warrant caution. However, he has been waiting for far too long to see her, and was unable to even approach her properly: he remarks that he has to take action, more than just flexing muscles. "Scrounging Goblin" attacks "Traptrix Sera", to which Ageha plays the set "Trap Hole of Spikes": the goblin is destroyed and Gobu takes 500 LP damage. Gobu is in pain from love than effect damage.
 As a "Hole" card was activated, Ageha Special Summons a "Traptrix Nepenthes" from her Deck. Gobu uses "Emergency Assistance", letting him revive "Scrounging Goblin", then uses it and "Goblindbergh" to Link Summon "Aussa the Earth Charmer, Immovable". In that moment, Ageha plays "Break-Off Trap Hole", to destroy that Link Monster. As Ageha Special Summons a "Traptrix Atrax" (due to activating a "Hole" card), Gobu adds "Maxx "C"", as "Aussa" was destroyed. Ageha sets "Time-Space Trap Hole", causing Gobu to sweat even more to see so many obstacles in his way. Ms. Guide remarks that her boss is at a disadvantage, no matter what card he plays. Gobu attempts to use "Maxx "C"", but Ageha refuses any such restrains in her way: "Gravedigger's Trap Hole" in her hand, negates that monster's effect in the hand, and inflicts 2000 LP damage to Gobu. Ms. Guide believes this to be the effect of "Atrax" to play Traps in her hand.
 Gobu starts to cry a bit, seeing his attempts are failing him even more. Ms. Guide remarks Gobu is digging himself even more, while Ageha's "Traptrix" monsters let her Special Summon two more monsters: "Mantis" and "Dioanea" are Special Summoned to her field, from the effects of "Sera" and "Nepenthes". Furthermore, she sets the "Gravedigger's Trap Hole" and "Bottomless Trap Hole" from her Deck and GY. In addition, using two Level 4 monsters ("Nepenthes" and "Mantis"), Ageha Xyz Summons "Traptrix Alomerus". She immediately detaches the two Overlay Units to resurrect "Mantis" from her GY. Gobu looks at this amazing sight, and believes himself to be a lucky man: Ageha controls five "Traptrix" monsters and five set "Hole" cards. Lifting a bit of her hair up, Ageha's face turns dark: her "Atrax", "Dioanea" and "Allomerus" attack Gobu directly, dropping his LP to 0.
 Gobu is knocked away, realizing he has to work harder to get closer to Ageha. Ms. Guide congratulates Ageha for winning, who kneels down to Rintaro, thanking him for the chance to Duel. Ageha extends her hand, hoping to have another wonderful Duel with him. Gobu smiles, seeing this is his first chance to shake hands with Ageha. In that moment, Ms. Guide knocks Gobu away, asking Ageha to Duel her. Gobu is even more devastated that Ms. Guide ruined the mood. Ms. Guide exclaims she is much stronger than Gobu, which excites Ageha to continue playing, even at night. At the apartment, Shoma notices that Ageha is really late, thinking she is on a date.
 
 Featured Duel: Ageha Yusa vs. Gobu 
 Turn 1: Ageha 
Ageha  Normal Summons  " Traptrix Myrmeleo " ( Level  4/1600/1200). As it was Normal Summoned, its effect lets her add a " Hole "  Normal Trap Card  from her  Deck  to her  hand . She chooses " Network Trap Hole ". She then uses "Myrmeleo" to  Link Summon  " Traptrix Sera " (800/ Link -1/↓). Ageha  sets  four cards.
 Turn 2: Gobu 
 Gobu   activates  " Upstart Goblin "  Normal Spell Card , letting him draw 1 card and increase Ageha's LP by 1000 (Ageha: 8000 → 9000 LP). He then Normal Summons " Goblindbergh " (Level 4/1400/0). As it was Normal Summoned, its effect lets Gobu Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower monster from his hand, then switch "Goblindbergh" to  Defense Position . He Special Summons " Scrounging Goblin " (Level 4/1000/2000) in  Attack Position . "Scrounging Goblin" attacks "Sera", but Ageha activates her set " Trap Hole of Spikes " Normal Trap Card, destroying "Scrounging Goblin" since it declared an attack during the same turn it was summoned and inflicting damage to Gobu equal to half its original ATK (Gobu: 8000 → 7500 LP). Since a Normal Trap Card was activated, the effect of "Sera" lets Ageha Special Summon a " Traptrix " monster from her Deck with a different name than the cards she controls. She Special Summons " Traptrix Nepenthes " (Level 4/800/2000) to the zone "Sera" points to.
 Gobu activates " Emergency Assistance " Normal Spell Card, letting him Special Summon 1 Level 4 monster from his  GY  that was destroyed by a card effect this turn. He Special Summons "Scrounging Goblin", then uses his two  EARTH  monsters to Link Summon " Aussa the Earth Charmer, Immovable " (1850/Link-2/↙↘). Ageha activates her set " Break Off Trap Hole " Normal Trap Card, destroying all monsters on the field that aren't linked since a Link Monster was Link Summoned. Since a "Hole" Normal Trap Card was activated, the effect of "Nepenthes" lets Ageha choose 1 "Traptrix" monster from her Deck and either add it to her hand or Special Summon it. She Special Summons " Traptrix Atrax " (Level 4/1800/100) from her Deck in Attack Position. Since another "Traptrix's" monster effect was activated, the second effect of "Sera" lets Ageha set " Time-Space Trap Hole " directly from her Deck to her  field . Since "Aussa" was destroyed by a card effect, its effect lets Gobu add 1 EARTH monster with 1500 or less DEF from his Deck to his hand. He chooses " Maxx "C" ".
 Turn 3: Ageha 
Gobu sends "Maxx "C"" from his hand to the GY to activate its effect, but the effect of "Atrax" lets Ageha activate " Gravedigger's Trap Hole " Normal Trap Card from her hand, which negates the activation of "Maxx "C"", and inflicts 2000 damage to Gobu (Gobu: 7500 → 5500 LP). Since a Normal Trap Card was activated, the effect of "Sera" lets her Special Summon " Traptrix Mantis " (Level 4/1500/1300) from her Deck in Attack Position. Since a "Hole" Normal Trap Card was activated, the effect of "Nepenthes" lets her Special Summon " Traptrix Dionaea " (Level 4/1700/1100) from her Deck in Attack Position. Since "Dionaea" was Special Summoned, its effect lets Ageha set "Gravedigger's Trap Hole" from her GY to her field. Since another "Traptrix"'s monster effect was activated, the second effect of "Sera" lets Ageha set " Bottomless Trap Hole " directly from her Deck to her field. Ageha  overlays  "Nephentes" and "Mantis" to  Xyz Summon  " Traptrix Allomerus " (Rank 4/2200/600) in Attack Position. She activates the first effect of "Allomerus", detaching 2  Xyz Materials  to Special Summon 1 Level 4  Insect  or  Plant  monster from her GY. She Special Summons "Mantis". 
 "Atrax", "Dioanea" and "Allomerus" attack Gobu directly (Gobu: 5500 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this chapter. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Ageha Yusa Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Traptrix Atrax 
 Traptrix Dionaea 
 Traptrix Mantis 
 Traptrix Myrmeleo 
 Traptrix Nepenthes Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Traptrix Allomerus 
 Link Monsters 
 Traptrix Sera Spells   &  Traps   
 Traps 
 Bottomless Trap Hole [1] 
 Break Off Trap Hole 
 Gravedigger's Trap Hole 
 Network Trap Hole [1] 
 Time-Space Trap Hole [1] 
 Trap Hole of Spikes 
 Void Trap Hole [1] 
 
 Gobu Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force 
 Goblin Recon Squad 
 Goblindbergh 
 Maxx "C" 
 Scrounging Goblin Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Aussa the Earth Charmer, Immovable Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Emergency Assistance 
 Pot of Duality 
 Upstart Goblin 
 
 Ageha's card sleeves Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Traptrix Sera 
 
 Ms. Guide's imagination Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   This card is Set by Ageha, but not activated. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures   chapters 
 #001 " Struct Start!! " #002 " Tenyi VS Simorgh " #003 " Light and Dark " #004 " Tenyi vs Mathmech " #005 " The Four Kings Assemble!! " #006 " God Phoenix vs Thunder Dragon " #007 " Duel Date!? " #008 " God Phoenix VS Declarer " #009 " Ageha's True Skills " #010 " The New Master Rules " #011 " Knight Gaia vs Adamancipator " #012 " Team Battle " #013 " Fallen Angel VS Psycho Shocker " #014 " A Duel You Cannot Lose " #015 " Pressure...!! " #016 " Virtual World VS Eldlich " #017 " ? " #018 " ? " #019 " ? " #020 " ? " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cb/OCG_Structures_Chapter_9.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20200423210331', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures chapters