Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Allie.png

"Ayu" redirects here. For the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator  character, see " Ayu (World Championship) ".   
 
 
 Allie 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Allie 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Ayu Ayukawa 
 
 
 Japanese   
 鮎 川  アユ 鮎川 アユ あゆかわ アユ Rōmaji: ( Ayukawa Ayu ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 리나 KRR: Lina 
 
 
 French   
 Allie 
 
 
 German   
 Allie 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Unnamed parents [1] 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 School 
 You Show Duel School 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
     Tournament   Position       Arc League Championship : "Youth" Class   Did not place [1]     
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Aquaactress 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Alyson Leigh Rosenfeld 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Satomi Akesaka 
 
 
 
 Allie , known as  Ayu Ayukawa  ( 鮎 川  アユ  Ayukawa Ayu ) in the Japanese version, is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. She is one of the six students at  You Show Duel School  and treats  Zuzu  like an older sister.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.2   Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Friendship Cup 
 2.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Zuzu Boyle 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Allie.     
 Allie is a red-headed girl with fair skin, golden eyes and a large multi-colored headband. She wears a short cream t-shirt with a striped pink and red long t-shirt. Allie's attire also consists of a red skirt and long black tights. She wears brown shoes and has a blue bracelet. 
 
 
 Biography 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 Allie was first seen with  Frederick  in a crowd, watching  Yuya Sakaki  Dueling  the Sledgehammer . [2]  She was happy when her fellow You Show Duel School classmate won his Duel. After that, she and Frederick were called in to  You Show Duel School  to help sign up the flood of applicants. Allie watched Yuya Duel and lose against  Zuzu Boyle . When the group of fans left in disappointment, Allie did not believe their words and she supported Yuya, in addition to the sole boy who had remained;  Tate , who enrolled in the school. [3] 
 Allie and the other You Show students took a trip to  LID . She was fascinated by  Sylvio 's state of the art school and soon got captured by Sylvio's companions. [4]  Allie watched Yuya Duel and defeat Sylvio. The building where she was put on collapsed, but she was rescued by " Timegazer Magician " and " Stargazer Magician ". After  Sora Perse  knocked out Sylvio and his lackeys, he introduced himself to Allie and the others. [5] 
 Sora went to You Show to Duel Yuya for the chance to be his apprentice. Allie was impressed by the cuteness of Sora's " Fluffal " monsters, but was scared by " Frightfur Bear ". [6]  She was happy when Yuya won and when Sora enrolled at You Show. [7] 
 Allie took a walk with Zuzu and bought ice cream for the boys, but Zuzu left Allie behind after seeing Sylvio plan a scheme to defeat Yuya. Zuzu told Allie to call  Skip Boyle  for help and she complied. [8]  After  the masked Duelist  defeated Sylvio, Allie received the news that Yuya apparently attacked Sylvio. [9]  Allie didn't believe it and watched Yuya, Zuzu, and  Gong  fight against the LID students. [9] [10] [11] [12]  She later watched Yuya Duel  Declan Akaba [13] [14]  and Skip. [15] 
 Allie and the other children watched Yuya Duel and defeat  Reed Pepper . [16] [17]  They also watched Yuya Duel  Pierre L'Supérieure  on TV. Allie was impressed with Pierre's intelligence, while having the opposite reaction for Yuya, due to him answering the questions incorrectly. Nevertheless, she was glad that Yuya won. [18] 
 Allie and the boys watched Yuya and Skip lamenting over their difficulties, and they noted that Zuzu was training with Sora again. [19]  They later watched Yuya's Duel with  Aura Sentia , and Allie was fearful for Yuya's safety after Aura's prediction. Fortunately, Yuya was able to win the Duel. [20]   Nico Smiley  later approached Allie and her friends and requested that they withhold their presence from Yuya during his final qualification Duel with Gong. Allie and the group agreed, but they eventually caved near the end of the Duel and supported Yuya, though Yuya didn't notice them until he had won, at which point Allie explained what Nico had done. [21] [22] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
 Having qualified for the Arc League Championship before Yuya, Allie and the other You Show students received a pep talk from Skip and boarded the van to go to the Championship, but they were surprised to find Yuya missing. Yuya later showed up after they had looked for him. After the opening ceremony, Allie learned that she would be Dueling  Riley Akaba  from LID that afternoon. She watched  Frederick 's Duel with  Trevor  and congratulated him for winning. [23]  Allie began her Duel with Riley not long afterwards, cheered on by her friends and family. She was surprised by Riley's non-responsive attitude during the Duel. Allie started strong after a slight mishap of forgetting that she couldn't attack on the first turn, but Riley turned her " Aquarium "  Continuous Spell Cards  against her and then  Fusion Summoned  " C/C/C Water Sword of Battle " to win the Duel. Allie was depressed at her loss, despite reassurances from her friends. [1] 
 Allie continued to watch her friends Duel in the Championship. She witnessed Zuzu settling her rivalry with Julia Krystal after her Duel, and on the second day of the tournament watched Gong's Duel with  Grizzlepike Jones  and Yuya's rematch with Sylvio. The tournament took a darker turn after Sora's Duel with  Shay Obsidian , which left Sora badly injured. In the period of the tournament after Yuya fell into a coma and Sora disappeared, Allie witnessed the rest of the first round of the Junior Division Championship and the second round of the Youth Division Championship, in which Riley defeated Frederick. When she heard that Yuya had woken up, Allie hurried to the stadium with Tate and Frederick, but thought she saw  a familiar figure  across the street. After the person vanished, Allie wondered what she had seen. She then witnessed the brutal Duel between  Iggy Arlo  and Kit Blade, which left Kit hospitalized, and Allie was shocked to learn that Yuya was Dueling Iggy next. As she had worried, the Duel with Iggy went badly for Yuya until he abruptly  changed his manner  and swiftly defeated Iggy with " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ".
 Allie watched her Junior Division classmates participate in the  Battle Royal , but Zuzu and Yuya soon disappeared when their camera feeds were cut for maintenance. Frustrated with not knowing what was going on and enduring  Yoko Sakaki 's strange antics, Allie led the kids in a dash to the city, but they were informed that they couldn't return to their homes while the  ARC System  was active in Paradise City. [24]  Allie later informed Tate that Riley had won his semi-final Duel, which meant that he would be Tate's opponent in the final. [25]  She later warned Tate to be careful before his Duel with Riley, reminding him that Riley used Fusion Summoning. [26] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 After  Yuya  returned to the stadium with  Zuzu , Allie learned about the invasion of the  Obelisk Force  from the  Fusion Dimension . Allie was initially in denial, but she later learned from Yuya that this was indeed true and who Allie had thought to be Zuzu was actually someone named  Celina . [27]  Allie watched the Duel between Yuya and  his mother , and bid him goodbye after the Duel, as he departed for the  Synchro Dimension . [28] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 When a  massive dragon  appeared in a dimensional rift, Allie stared in shock as Skip tried to calm her and the others down. [29]  She watched  Gong  Dueling through the rift and she wondered what had happened to him after " Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing " destroyed all of his monsters. [30]  When  the Duelist  who had defeated Gong and was Dueling  Sylvio  Summoned  a monster that resembled   Yuya 's " Odd-Eyes ", Allie wondered why the Duelist had Yuya's monster. She and  Tate  wondered if it had a connection to Yuya due to their similar appearances. Allie and the others were transported to the  Fusion Dimension  after the rift expanded and transported  Paradise City  there. As Skip noticed people in the air, Allie looked up and thought that the Duelist facing Sylvio was Yuya. [31]  While watching  Declan  Duel, Allie and Tate were surprised he was appealing to Yuya and when Z-ARC claimed that he was the true founder of  Pendulum Summoning . As Z-ARC came close to defeating Declan, Allie asked if the situation was all a lie, since Yuya would never do this. She was surprised when she thought that "Z-ARC" had killed Declan and when  Riley  joined the Duel. When Riley used " En Flowers ", Allie and the others watched as flowers appeared around them. [32] 
 After Z-ARC's defeat and the  Standard Dimension 's rebrth into the  "Pendulum Dimension" , Allie lost her memories of  Zuzu  and the events involving people from  other dimensions . One day, Yuya arrived three minutes late, only to receive a smack from Skip using Zuzu's paper fan. Yuya protested that he wasn't late, but Allie reminded him that Skip's hot-blooded teaching had already started. Frederick praised Yuya's  boots , and when Yuya revealed that they were a gift, Allie asked  who  gave them to him, but Yuya was unable to remember, much to Allie's irritation. At Skip's behest, she, Frederick, and Tate Dueled Yuya in a 3 vs. 1 match, but Skip interrupted them with an announcement that Yuya had been invited by  LID  to participate in the  Junior Arc League Championship . Allie, Frederick, and Tate watched the  Battle Royal  between Yuya, Sylvio, Gong and  Moon Shadow  with  Yoko . During the Duel, at the urging of Moon Shadow, they began to remember the events of the Arc League Championship. [33] 
 Allie began to remember Zuzu when Skip told Yuya that she went missing. [34]  Allie reacted with horror at Yuya's admission that he was Z-ARC. Allie was surprised when  Yusho Sakaki , Yuya's own father, suggested that Yuya had to become a professional duelist in order to save Zuzu. When Yuya and Gong were the only competitors left, Allie was surprised that Gong picked up an  Action Card .  [35] 
 Allie later watched the  multidimensional   Turbo Duel  between Yuya and  Jack Atlas , and was happy for Yuya when he won.  [36]  Allie also watched Yuya's final Action Duel against  Declan Akaba , which Yuya also won, and was brought onto the duel field to witness Zuzu Boyle's return.  [37] 
 
 Relationships 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Allie views  Zuzu  like an older sister. They share many interests and get along quite well. Their relationship is similar to  Yuya 's relationship with  Tate .
 
 Deck 
 Allie uses an  " Aquaactress " Deck , based around quickly  swarming  the  field  and  adding  cards from her  Deck  to her  hand  while using a variety of cards to protect and increase the  ATK  of her otherwise weak  monsters .
 
 
 Aquaactress Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Aquaactress Arowana 
 Aquaactress Guppy 
 Aquaactress Tetra Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Aquarium Lighting 
 Aquarium Set 
 Aquarium Stage 
 Traps 
 Aqua Story - Urashima 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Riley Akaba 
 28 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 141 
 No Result (with  Frederick  and  Tate )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 28: " Something's Fishy " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 1: " Swing Into Action: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 4: " Trade Bait: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 5: " Toying Around: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 6: " Toying Around: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 7: " Mr. Mystery " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 9: " Dueling with the Stars " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 10: " You Show 'Em " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 13: " Circus Surprise! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 14: " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 16: " Menu Venue: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 17: " Menu Venue: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 19: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 21: " Beyond Belief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 23: " A Date With Fate: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 46: " Dragon's Vengance " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 48: " Battlefronts " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 142: " Deja Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/65/Allie.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20141019163420', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/FullAlly.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20141012092710']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters