Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Miu_Shiunin


 
 Miu Shiunin 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Miu Shiunin 
 
 
 Japanese   
 紫 雲 院   美 宇 紫雲院 美宇 しうんいん みう Rōmaji: ( Shiun'in Miu ) 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Female 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Sora Shiunin  (older brother) 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 8: " Sora's Hospitality! " 
 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Miu Shunin   ( 紫 雲 院   美 宇   Shiun'in Miu ) is a character in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga . She is the younger sister of  Sora Shiunin .
 
 Biography 
 Miu is Sora's only family who had frail and sickly body, causing her to be hospitalized with Sora often went to visit her. Despite Sora's encouragement to be optimistic that she will be cured of her illness, Miu knew that she won't live long and told him to see the world in her place. She eventually died due to her illness, leaving Sora distraught. G.O.D responded to Sora's desire to be with his sister, allowing him to repeat his life in a loop. However, even with the knowledge of her death, Sora couldn't find a way to cure Miu's illness even with future medication, resulting Sora to repeatedly witness his sister's death in each loop. Once the contract with G.O.D was over, Sora made it his goal to restore G.O.D's true power so he can have G.O.D create a parallel world where he can be with Miu forever.
 In the middle of the  Action Duel  between  Sora  and  Yuya Sakaki , a photo of Sora and his sister flew from Sora and ended up on Yuya's hands. Yuya looked at the picture and asked Sora if the girl was his little sister. Upon hearing the question, Sora started shaking and shedding tears, saying he couldn't lose the Duel no matter what. He then explained that he had a sick little sister, but  Reiji Akaba  held her hostage, with the intent on killing her if Sora did not win. Sora begged "Phantom" to let him win the Duel, with tears flowing from his eyes, making Yuya choose not to activate his " Enter-Mate Show Up "  Trap Card  upon Sora's attack. However,  Yuri  switched places with Yuya and called him soft, declaring he wouldn't go easy on Sora. Sora tried to remind Yuri of his sick younger sister, but Yuri yelled that he didn't care, and that they could both die for all he cared. [1] 
 As the Duel progressed, Yuri declared that he was lying. Noticing Yuri had saw through him, Sora revealed his true colors and admitted that the story was all a lie. Yuri then ripped the photo of Sora and his sister in several pieces. Soon, a candy Yuri was stepping on exploded, with Sora explaining that the photo was a trigger that would cause the candy to explode if it was destroyed. Yuri then noticed that was a countermeasure Sora came up with in case his opponent saw through his lies. [2] 
 After Sora's defeat, his sister appeared in his dream, telling him to wake up and asking him if he had forgotten about her. Sora called her "Miu", and replied that he would never forget about her and that he swore that he would create a world where he can be with her, before waking up in a hospital bed.  Isaac  explained to Sora that he was there because of the injuries he sustained in his Duel against Yuya, and Sora noticed that he had manipulated his memories to infiltrate the  Leo Corporation . [3] 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 8: " Sora's Hospitality! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 9: " Fusion vs. Fusion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  Scale 18: " An Unknown Enemy! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga   characters Yuya  and his personalities 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Yuto 
 Yugo 
 Yuri 
 Reiji 's group 
 Reiji Akaba 
 Shingo Sawatari 
 Shun Kurosaki 
 Sora Shiunin 
 Eve 's group 
 Eve 
 Ren 
 Isaac 
 Genesis Omega Dragon (G.O.D.) 
 Other characters 
 Adam 
 Yuzu Hiiragi 
 Syuzo Hiiragi 
 Nico Smiley 
 Ootomo 
 Miu Shiunin 
 Yusho Sakaki 
 Leo Akaba 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a5/Sora%27s_sister_Manga.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160324171335']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V manga characters