Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ZEXAL_-_Episode_041


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 041 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 消えたハルト！新たなる敵トロン 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kieta Haruto! Aratanaru Teki Toron 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Missing Haruto! A New Enemy, Tron 
 
 
 English 
 Losing Hart 
 
 
 Number 
 041 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 30, 2012 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 December 8, 2012 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " BRAVING! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Longing Freesia " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Take a Chance " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Take a Chance " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Nagare Namikaze 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " About Hart " 
 " A Dubious Duo " 
 
 
 
 
 "Losing Hart" , known as  "Missing Haruto! A New Enemy, Tron"  in the Japanese version, is the forty-first episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 30, 2012, and in the United States on December 8, 2012. This was the final Yu-Gi-Oh! episode to be dubbed by the now-defunct 4Kids; Konami (which acquired all of 4Kids' Yu-Gi-Oh! assets, as well as 4Kids Productions, which became 4K Media, inc., now known as Konami Cross Media, NY) would begin dubbing the rest of the series, as well as all future series, starting with the next episode.
 Hart  is kidnapped by the  Vetrix Family  and so  Kite  and  Yuma  join forces. However when they find their hideout, they're forced into a  Tag Duel  against  Quattro  and  Trey .
 
 Summary 
 Kite is at  Heartland Tower  calling for his brother Hart, but eventually realizes that his brother is missing, and rushes to the security control room to demand answers. But before he hears an answer, Kite pushes the answering security worker out of the way, and uses the intercom to call  Dextra  and  Nistro , who are piloting an aircraft. Nistro ignores Kite and tries to hang up the call, but Dextra interrupts him. She assures Kite over the intercom that his brother is safe, but requests Kite's help, because his brother was located on the roof of the windmill tower by Yuma Tsukumo. This causes Kite to hang up, to Nistro's annoyance. Dextra simply says Kite's assistance is required, and reminds Nistro of the last time they tried to get near Hart. Dextra believes Kite is the only person Hart currently trusts. Kite is still finding his way out of Heartland Tower. He wonders why Hart is with Yuma, and recalls the last time he met Hart. At the time, Kite cheered his brother up by giving him caramel, but at the next moment, security forces electrocuted Kite and took Hart away on an aircraft. 
 Meanwhile, Yuma,  Tori  and  Astral  walk away from the windmill tower in question, having witnessed Hart parting ways with them by going on an aircraft just like Kite did. Yuma thinks it's no big deal since Hart knew the person that picked him up. Tori believes the person that picked Hart up must have been Kite's friend. Yuma then says he still doesn't understand anything about Hart, especially the part where Kite hunts numbers to help Hart. Meanwhile, Astral remembers the words Hart said before departure, and wonders if Hart and Kite are  Barian  agents out to get him. Just then, Nistro and Dextra's aircraft spot Yuma and Tori.  
 Nistro gets off the aircraft, grabs Yuma by the collar and demands for Hart. Yuma says an aircraft just like the one Nistro was operating, came to take Hart away. When Dextra gets off the aircraft, Nistro lets go of Yuma and asks if she heard what Yuma said. Dextra dismisses Yuma's account entirely. Nistro accuses Yuma of lying and demands for Hart again, while ignoring Tori. Dextra reminds Yuma that as organisers of the  World Duel Carnival , they have the power to kick Yuma out. Nistro continues to hold Yuma up, demanding for answers, only for Tori to notice something behind them. Kite arrives on  Orbital 7  and personally demands answers from all regarding Hart. Yuma tries to tell Kite that Nistro and Dextra believe he's lying. When Kite asks, Yuma says he did not hide Hart, repeating that Kite sent a friend  to pick Hart up. Kite merely states that he did not send anyone, making Yuma realize that the person that picked up Hart isn't a friend of Kite's.
 In the aircraft holding Hart, Hart mutters for his brother again just as the aircraft reaches an abandoned gallery. Yuma starts wondering where the guy who picked up Hart came from. Kite interrupts Orbital 7 and asks for a description of the person that took Hart away. Before Yuma can answer, Nistro holds him up again, so Tori answers for Yuma, believing the person to be in his 20's and tall. Astral gives quantifiable values for both the height and weight of the person involved, for Yuma to relay. Astral also gives the person's hairstyle and eye color, but Yuma forgets the eye color. This ticks off Nistro, who is ready to deliver a punch, but Kite stops him, and so does Dextra, who starts to suspect that someone stole a WDC aircraft to take Hart away. With their purpose over, Dextra orders Nistro back into their aircraft. Nistro complies, throwing Yuma back to the floor before leaving with Dextra. 
 After the aircraft leaves, Yuma personally admits to Hart's disappearance and apologizes. Kite ignores the apology and walks away, muttering that his brother isn't well. This is news to Tori and Yuma. Yuma asks for Kite to hold on, and offers to help Kite find his brother. Kite turns down Yuma's offer, but Yuma said he promised Hart that he'd bring him back with Kite. Kite has Orbital 7 relay a contact number to Yuma, before going on Orbital 7 to leave. Yuma takes that as affirmation, and wishes Kite the best of luck. A while later, Yuma and Tori walk in the middle of  Heartland City , having realized that they turned over a sick person to a stranger. Yuma recalls his most recent duel against Kite (as  ZEXAL ) in which Kite admitted that he hunts numbers to save his brother. Yuma still doesn't know the truth behind the other number hunters. Astral tells Yuma that he's curious of Dextra and Nistro's involvement. They seemed eager to rescue Hart in order to avoid trouble. They are not only members of the WDC organising team, but also directly operate under the chief organiser,  Mr. Heartland . Therefore, Astral believes it is likely that they were trying to return Hart to Mr. Heartland, because he was in Mr. Heartland's custody when he escaped. Yuma thus realizes that Kite was collecting numbers for Mr. Heartland in order to cure Hart. Yuma and Astral agree that Mr. Heartland is the mastermind behind the number hunting. Just when they say that, a holographic projection of Mr. Heartland stares Yuma down.
 But Yuma believes that the person that took Hart away wasn't working for Mr. Heartland. Astral believes that another entity must be after Hart. Unbeknownst to them, that other entity has returned home. Hart lies on the floor as the Vetrix family look over him. Meanwhile, Kite continues to look for Hart while flying on Orbital 7. Kite has a memory of playing hide-and-seek with Hart in a forest, and believes he will find Hart like he always has in the past.
 At the gallery, the Vetrix family "ritual" takes place, with Vetrix himself lying on the floor opposite Hart. Chains materialize and wrap around both Hart and Vetrix.  Vetrix  begins to drain Hart's power, claiming said power as his own. With Hart's powers, Vetrix begins to "see"  Astral World , as his plans for revenge against  Dr. Faker  come to life. Hart screams as the pain becomes too much for him. Before the last of his powers are drained, Hart calls for his brother, and Kite manages to hear him. Astral also hears him too. Yuma is told of Hart's travails. 
 Meanwhile, Vetrix stands up as their "ritual" gets closer to completion. Hart continues to scream for his brother, who asks where he should look. Hart manages to tell Kite to look for a "moon in water" and a "white castle". Kite immediately goes to find such a location. Astral has also heard Hart's pleas, and relays to Yuma and Tori where Hart is. Yuma doesn't know of any white castles nearby. Tori sees the full moon in the sky, then has an idea. She shows a picture of an abandoned gallery just outside Heartland, which appears to look like a castle, but has water surrounding it. Yuma immediately starts to go towards that place, with Tori and Astral following.  Shark  catches sight of them running. Soon, they arrive outside of the gallery. Kite arrives not long after, and wonders how Yuma knows of the place where Hart is being held. He tells Yuma that there is no room for error, because his brother is not well. When Hart cries out again, Yuma asks if Kite can come up with a rescue plan. The Arclight brothers see Yuma and Kite outside.  Quinton  is not pleased that they've been found, and  Quattro  thinks someone tipped them off. Quinton believes it isn't possible for Kite to have followed him. Quattro then has an idea - invite the guests in and entertain them. 
 Quinton warns Quattro not to underestimate Kite, a powerful duelist. He should only welcome them once the ritual is done. But, since Quattro insists, Quinton asks  Trey  to keep Quattro in check. Outside, Yuma and Kite see that a bridge leading the gate to the gallery has emerged from the water. Yuma is eager to enter, however, Kite stops Yuma, saying that his mission is solo. Yuma protests that Kite doesn't know Hart's captor, whereas Yuma does, and he got Kite into this mess. Yuma runs towards the gallery, to Kite's dismay.
 With Kite, Tori and Orbital 7 following, Astral busts the gallery door open for Yuma to enter. Yuma sees the deserted main room. Kite knows that his brother was in the gallery. Just then, the gallery door shuts. Trey and Quattro welcome their guests while standing on a statue, then leap down. Yuma recognizes Quattro as well, and affirms to Kite that they've met before. A scared Tori remembers it too well -  Bronk  and  Caswell  cruelly tortured by the celebrity they had idolized for so long. Quattro says he's only too happy to subject Yuma to the same torture. Yuma's fists clench, and even though he's warned by Astral, Yuma says there is something more at stake. Kite then accuses Trey and Quattro of kidnapping his brother. Quattro tells Kite to calm down, because his brother hasn't been harmed - yet. Trey and Quattro then use whips to restrain Kite and Yuma's wrists, implying that they stand between them and Kite's brother. 
 Astral sees that Trey and Quattro are challenging them to a  Tag-Team Duel . Yuma and Kite prepare their  Duel Disks  and  AR gazers , and so do their challengers. Just as their duel begins, Hart cries out again.
 
 Differences in adaptions 
 Yuma  kicking  Nistro  in the groin is removed in the dub. 
 When Yuma said  Kite's  name, Shark came in and said his name in question in the Japanese version while in the dub he says nothing. 
 When describing  Quinton , Yuma and  Astral  used the Imperial system in the dub, instead of the metric system. They say Quinton is 150 pounds in weight but in the original, he says that he weighs 70 kilograms which is 154 pounds, a difference of 4 pounds. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. No cards debuted here.
 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 15: Gimmick Puppet Giant Grinder Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Xyz Colosseum 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " Go With the Flow, Part 1 " #002 " Go With the Flow, Part 2 " #003 " In The End, Part 1 " #004 " In The End, Part 2 " #005 " Flipping Out, Part 1 " #006 " Flipping Out, Part 2 " #007 " The Sparrow, Part 1 " #008 " The Sparrow, Part 2 " #009 " Feline Frenzy " #010 " Shark Attack " #011 " The Pack, Part 1 " #012 " The Pack, Part 2 " #013 " The Number Hunter, Part 1 " #014 " The Number Hunter, Part 2 " #015 " Training Days, Part 1 " #016 " Training Days, Part 2 " #017 " It's in the Cards, Part 1 " #018 " It's in the Cards, Part 2 " #019 " The Edge of the World " #020 " Roots of the Problem " #021 " Battle with the Bot " #022 " The Shark Hunter " #023 " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 1 " #024 " Hunting Down the Hunter, Part 2 " #025 " Frozen in Time " #026 " Let the Duels Begin! " #027 " A Team Performance " #028 " Heavy Metal " #029 " Love Hurts " #030 " No Tomato " #031 " Life is a Carnival: Part 1 " #032 " Life is a Carnival: Part 2 " #033 " Foolish Fans " #034 " Shark Bait " #035 " Bad Developments: Part 1 " #036 " Bad Developments: Part 2 " #037 " Double Jeopardy: Part 1 " #038 " Double Jeopardy: Part 2 " #039 " Pets Peeved " #040 " About Hart " #041 " Losing Hart " #042 " A Dubious Duo " #043 " The Dragon Awakens " #044 " Rock and a Hard Place " #045 " Ruffled Feathers " #046 " Family Leave " #047 " Sky's the Limit " #048 " Exit: Astral " #049 " Crestfallen " #050 " Party Panic " #051 " Roller Duel " #052 " Roller Coaster Rampage! " #053 " Test Your Luck! " #054 " Welcome to the Jungle " #055 " Portal of Doom " #056 " Cosmic Chaos " #057 " Depths of Darkness " #058 " Swimming With Sharks " #059 " Rockin' and Rollin' " #060 " Doctor Visit " #061 " Duel of Destiny: Part 1 " #062 " Duel of Destiny: Part 2 " #063 " The Hart of the Matter " #064 " Change of Hart " #065 " Sphere of Fear: Part 1 " #066 " Sphere of Fear: Part II " #067 " Sphere of Fear: Part 3 " #068 " The Countdown Begins " #069 " A Trio's Challenge: Part 1 " #070 " A Trio's Challenge: Part II " #071 " A Trio's Challenge: Part III " #072 " Kite's Plight: Part 1 " #073 " Kite's Plight: Part 2 " 
 
 
 >> S2 
 
 
 This article is a stub. You can help the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  Wikia by  expanding it . 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/Zexal-41_duel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120131133418']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL episodes, Stubs