Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Damon.png


 
 Damon Lopez 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Damon Lopez 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 デイモン・ロペス 
 
 
 Korean name  
 데이몬 로페즈 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
     Tournament   Position       Friendship Cup   Did not place     
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Daiki Hamano [1] 
 
 
 
 Damon Lopez  (デイモン・ロペス,  Deimon Ropesu ) is a character who appears in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is a friend of  Crow Hogan  and  Shinji Weber . [1] 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 
 1.1   History 
 1.2   Friendship Cup 
 1.3   Friendship Cup Finals 
 1.4   Duel Academy 
 
 
 2   Deck 
 3   Duels 
 4   References 
 
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Damon witnessed  Yugo  and  Zuzu Boyle  attempting to convince people of the dangers from the  Different Dimensions  that could be coming to  his world . [1] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Damon was captured by  Sector Security  and thrown into the  Facility . There, he reunited with  Crow  and  Shinji , who had recently been sent there as well. Upon meeting  Yuya Sakaki , he mistook him for  Yugo  and questioned when he had been arrested and why and where  Zuzu  had ended up. Damon conspired with Crow and Shinji to escape from the Facility. They had  Chojiro Tokumatsu  set up a tournament, with the opening match being between Yuya,  Sylvio  and Tokamatsu himself. Knowing this would provide a distraction, they made their move during the tournament. Damon removed a ceiling vent and the ventilation fan within it. When a guard came by and questioned what they were doing, they claimed they were fixing the fan and that Damon was an expert in such things. The guard believed them and suggested they hurry so as not to miss the Duel, though. The distraction was successful and the three managed to escape. [1] 
 After their successful jailbreak, they met up with Yuya, Tokamatsu and the rest of the captured  Lancers , who had managed to escape themselves after them when Tokamatsu's henchman kept the remaining prisoners and guards busy with Tokamatsu's stash of rare cards. They attempted to swim across the bay, having been signaled that it was safe. However, their friend,  Tony Zomboni , who was to signal them, had been captured by  Jean-Michel Roget  and Sector Security, who arrested them again. The  High Council  intervened and entered the entire group in the  Friendship Cup . [2] 
 Damon's first round match was against  Sergey Volkov , an infamous criminal known as the "Duelist Crusher". His opponent played defensively at first, with Damon  destroying  his  monsters  with " Alien Shocktrooper ". As a result Damon taunted him, quipping that Sergey's fangs had been clipped after being captured by Sector Security. In the end, Sergey counterattacked and brutally defeated Damon, sending him flying from his  Duel Runner  and resulting in him being carried away on a stretcher. [3] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 When  Shay ,  Gong , Sylvio, and  Moon Shadow  caused a riot, Shinji, Damon, and Tony decided to take advantage of the situation and encourage the other inmates to rebel as well. When the  Stomptroopers  arrived to stop everyone, Shinji activated the conveyer belt, making them drop their weapons and was told by Damon that it worked. [4]  After escaping from underground, Damon and others started to gather allies for the takeover of New Domino City. [5]  Damon followed Shinji as he led the Commons into New Domino City for revolution against the Topsiders, but they stopped during their when Jack was scheduled to face Sergey Volkov. [6]  They soon began rioting again after the Duel ended, and they were confronted by Sector Security after Roget placed New Domino City under martial law. Damon was driven back, but they were saved by Crow using " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ". Crow tried to stop Shinji's rioting and convince him that  Duel Academy  were the true enemy, but Shinji refused, claiming that he hated the Topsiders more than Duel Academy and he, Damon and Tony activated their Duel Disks against Crow, who proceeded to do the same. Before they could Duel, Yuya appeared on the screen; proclaiming that Dueling was about bringing smiles to people and not a tool to be used in conflict, and he then challenged Jack to a Duel. [7] 
 While Crow and Shinji were surprised by Yuya's mention of them in his short speech before the Duel [8] , it did not end the confrontation between the four of them until Shay arrived and presumably ended the situation. [9]  Damon, Crow Shinji, and Tony raced to join Yuya's Duel with Jack and voiced out his encouragement and support. They simultaneously announced the effect of " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " with Yuya and watched Yuya deal the final blow. Damon was present to hear from Sora's broadcast about Roget's latest actions as well as Zuzu's status. [10]  He later witnessed Sector Security Headquarters being obscured by green light. [11] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 After  Z-ARC 's defeat, Damon is seen watching  Yuya 's Duel against  Jack  with  Shinji ,  Tony ,  Amanda ,  Frank ,  Tarren ,  Sam ,  Chojiro , and his lackeys. [12]  He applauded when Yuya won and watched Yuya and  Declan 's  Action Duel . [13]  He was happy when Yuya won the Duel and witnessed  Zuzu 's revival. [14] 
 
 Deck 
 The only known card in Damon's Deck is " Alien Shocktrooper ".
 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Sergey Volkov 
 73 
 Lose
 
 
 Sector Security 
 95 
 Win (with  Crow Hogan ,  Shinji Weber , and  Tony Zomboni )
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   1.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 62: " The Great Escape " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " . 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 90: " Down with the Underground " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 91: " Chain Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 93: " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/Damon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150628102203']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters