Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Egyptian_Spirit_Monster

        Ka and Ba     Ka  ( 精霊   Kā  "Spirit" or  魔物  "Monster"), also known as  Egyptian Spirit Monsters ,   is spirit able to manifest as  supernatural beings ; these spirits were used for battle in ancient Egypt. A spirit reflects the nature of the person it comes from; the Ka is given form by the energy of the soul: the  Ba . [1] 
 Ka and Ba, spirit and soul, are complementary energies: As Ka are essentially  living energy , the manifestation of spirits is strenuous and potentially dangerous to anyone connected with them, although usage of the  Millennium Items  allows for freer manipulation of Ka and Ba than would otherwise be possible. Also, Ba of either one's own soul or others' souls can be utilized to strengthen Ka and is also necessary to maintain them.
 The strength of the Ba determines the strength of the Ka. Furthermore, a person with a good soul will have a good Ka spirit, but a person with an evil soul will have a monstrous or demonic Ka. [1]  A Ba that has left the body may also fuse together with a Ka, such as when the Sacred Guardian  Mahad  fused his Ba with the Ka of  Illusion Magician  to create  Dark Magician . Conversely, it is possible to extract Ka entities, by means of magic, from the bodies of people; although completely draining someone of Ka energy would be lethal, the extraction of a spirit being is nonetheless able to be done non-lethally (with exceptions, as in the case of the extraction of the Ka of  Kisara , the blue-eyed woman who embodied a particularly powerful Ka: the  Blue-Eyes White Dragon .)
 With the  Millennium Items ,  the Sacred Guardians  were able to seal the extracted Ka of a person within a stone tablet and could summon and control such tablets from the  Shrine of Wedju . [2]  Maximillion Pegasus  later would discover the ancient  Shadow Game  and the stone tablets, and then created the game of  Duel Monsters  in which the cards had similar effects to the tablets. Some of the spirits haven't been released as cards.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Ka List 
 
 1.1   Ka with card counterparts 
 1.2   Ka without card counterparts 
 
 
 2   References 
 3   See also 
 
 
 Ka List 
 The following are sorted from their card counterparts and those that don't have card counterparts. Additional info on them is also listed.
 
 Ka with card counterparts 
 The Creator God of Light, Horakhty  - It is a fusion of  Obelisk the Tormentor ,  Slifer the Sky Dragon , and  The Winged Dragon of Ra . Its card counterpart is  The Creator God of Light, Horakhty . 
 The Winged Dragon of Ra  - Its card counterpart is  The Winged Dragon of Ra . 
 Slifer the Sky Dragon  - Its card counterpart is  Slifer the Sky Dragon . 
 Obelisk the Tormentor  - Its card counterpart is  Obelisk the Tormentor . 
 Exodia the Forbidden One  - Its card counterparts  are   all   five   pieces   of   Exodia . 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One  - Its card counterpart is  Left Arm of the Forbidden One . 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One  - Its card counterpart is  Right Arm of the Forbidden One . 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One  - Its card counterpart is  Right Leg of the Forbidden One . 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One  - Its card counterpart is  Left Leg of the Forbidden One . 
 Curse of Dragon  - Its card counterpart is  Curse of Dragon . 
 Diabound  - Its card counterpart is  Diabound Kernel . 
 Dark Magician Girl  - Its card counterpart is  Dark Magician Girl . 
 Dark Magician  - Its card counterpart is  Dark Magician . 
 Battle Ox  - Its card counterpart is  Battle Ox . 
 White Dragon  - Its card counterpart is  Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Mystic Horseman 
 Rabid Horseman  - It is a fusion of  Battle Ox  and  Mystic Horseman . 
 Tragoedia 
 Sinister Serpent 
 Lord of Zemia 
 Fairy Dragon 
 Kaiser Dragon  - Its card counterpart is  Kaiser Dragon . It is a fusion of  Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1  and  Fairy Dragon 
 Hercules Beetle 
 Illusion Magician  - Its card counterpart is  Magician of Dark Illusion‎ . It later became one after Mahad's spirit fused with it creating the  Dark Magician . 
 Winged Sage Falcos 
 Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1 
 Saggi the Dark Clown 
 Embodiment of Apophis 
 Mystical Elf 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Dark Ushebti  - Its card counterpart is  Charm of Shabti . 
 Desert Trapdoor Spider  - Its card counterpart is  Jirai Gumo . 
 Ka without card counterparts 
 Duos 
 Duos Dragon  - It is a fusion of  Duos  and  Curse of Dragon . 
 Galestgoras 
 Helimai 
 Bastet 
 Spiria 
 Gadius 
 Humanoid Giant 
 Zelua 
 Two-Headed Jackal Warrior 
 Skeleton Fiend 
 Illushu 
 Gudoul 
 Five-Eyed Horned Ogre 
 Dark Spirit of Chaos  - It was found in an assassin who made an attempt on the Pharaoh's life until his guardians intervened, extracted the monster, and sealed it in a tablet. 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World - Duel 007 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World - Duel 008 
 
 
 See also 
 Duel Monsters Spirits 
 Spirit Partner 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5f/Ka_ba.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110515221726']
Categories: Duel Monster Spirits