Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Seto_Kaiba_(Duel_Links)


 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 海馬瀬人 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Mokuba Kaiba  (brother) 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Kaiba Deck Path of Beginnings Path of Power Path of Feral Power Path of Blue-Eyes Destined for Victory Undeniable Victory Path of Destiny Destined for Glory Ultimate Toons 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eric Stuart 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kenjiro Tsuda 
 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Seto Kaiba , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime.
 White  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Seto Kaiba at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   Yami Yugi route 
 
 
 3   Gallery 
 4    Unlock Missions 
 5   Decks 
 
 5.1   Character 
 5.2   Opponent 
 
 5.2.1   Level 10 
 5.2.2   Level 20 
 5.2.3   Level 30 
 5.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 5.3   Duelist Chronicles: Set Sail for the Kingdom 
 
 5.3.1   Level 20 
 5.3.2   Level 40 
 
 
 5.4   Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 
 5.4.1   Level 20 
 5.4.2   Level 40 
 
 
 5.5   Duelist Kingdom 
 
 5.5.1   Level 40 
 
 
 5.6    Tag Duel Tournament (first event)  
 
 5.6.1   Partner Deck 
 5.6.2   Partner Deck in DM Cup 
 5.6.3   Normal Difficulty 
 5.6.4   Hard Difficulty 
 
 
 5.7    Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 
 5.7.1   Blue-Eyes Cup 
 
 
 
 
 6   Level-up rewards 
 
 6.1   Main release 
 6.2   Beta release 
 
 
 7   Duel rewards 
 8   Skills 
 9   Dialogue 
 
 9.1   Character-specific 
 
 9.1.1   Yami Yugi 
 9.1.2   Joey Wheeler 
 9.1.3   Maximillion Pegasus 
 9.1.4   Ishizu Ishtar 
 9.1.5   Mokuba Kaiba 
 
 
 9.2   Card-specific 
 
 9.2.1   Monsters 
 9.2.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 10   Unused Dialogue 
 
 10.1   (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 10.1.1   Monsters 
 10.1.2   Spells/Traps 
 
 
 
 
 11   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Yugi 's eternal rival and president of  KaibaCorp  - the world's leading gaming conglomerate. Extremely proud and confident, Kaiba will stop at nothing to become the greatest Duelist in history. Kaiba's signature monster is the legendary " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ".
 
 Biography 
 When  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  is started after it is successfully downloaded in its entirety, Kaiba will appear confronting Yami Yugi, declaring that when he (Kaiba) defeats him, Yugi will have to call him the King of Games. He then wonders aloud if Yugi even has the cards to confront him. Depending on the player's choice, either he or Yami Yugi can then be utilized in the subsequent tutorial Duel.
 After the player concludes their initial in-game tutorial, Kaiba makes an appearance, broadcasting a global announcement across the world of Duel Links. He declares that the Duelists must have realized where they've arrived by now, before revealing that the Duelists present are all here in order to test their skills in the next evolution of Dueling. He proudly states that this world is the perfect place to determine who the real champion is, before rhetorically asking who will wear the crown as Duel World King. Kaiba then reveals that Duel World is divided into different Stages, and he prompts Duelists to reach the final stage to "claim the throne," defeating all who stand in the way of their dreams. Concluding his announcement, he invites Duelists to come to Duel World for their greatest challenge, to test themselves to their breaking points, and dares them individually to become the Duel World King. He then disappears in laughter.
 At this point, if the player had chosen Kaiba for their tutorial Duel, he will immediately reappear in Duel World; otherwise, he will only make his next appearance after the player reaches Stage 15. In either case after his appearance, he will declare that everything is proceeding as planned, since the Duelists he invited will help complete Duel World with every Duel they engage in. He then reminisces of Yugi, declaring that both he and Yugi will have their final Duel in this world. (Kaiba's dialogue ends at this point, unless the player had chosen Kaiba as their initial character, in which case Kaiba additionally declares that Yugi will fall against his trusted ally: " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ".)
 
 Yami Yugi route 
 If the player chooses Yami Yugi as their initial character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links , they will also encounter the following instances of unique dialogue, as they attempt to unlock Seto Kaiba as a playable character.
 
 Until the player has already defeated Kaiba at least once in a non-tutorial Duel, whenever they challenge Kaiba to a Duel, Kaiba declares that only the one Duelist who crushes all foes and snatches victory will earn the title of Duel World King. He then states that the player will unfortunately not be that Duelist, since there can only be one winner: himself. He concludes his dialogue by prompting the player to Duel him. 
 When Kaiba loses to the player for the first time (in a non-tutorial Duel), he growls before admitting that since only the victor has the right to speak, he'll remain quiet in the meantime. He then reminds the player that this is only the start of their journey to become the Duel World King, before bursting into arrogant laughter. 
 After the player redeems their final unclaimed reward for Seto Kaiba's Character Unlock Missions, they will encounter Kaiba again, who explains that since his path to the future was clouded and unclear, he created the world of Duel Links as an arena for all Duelists in order to illuminate that path. He goes on to declare that he will rule this world as the King of Games when he defeats Yugi, and that " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " will guarantee his victory, before bursting into prideful laughter. 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Silhouette Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
  Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Use a Spell Card 5 time(s) in one Duel.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Collect 10 cards.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Win 1 Duel(s) against Seto Kaiba at level 30 in Duel World.
 
 8,000 Gold
 
 
 Summon " Dark Magician " 1 time(s).
 
 20 White Keys
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 3 Stone of Light 
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Kaiba Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie  x3 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (glossy) 
 Crawling Dragon 
 Fireyarou  x3 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant  x3 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x2 
 Ryu-Kishin  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage 
 Block Attack 
 Raimei 
 Stop Defense 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Path of Beginnings Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyed Silver Zombie  x3 
 Petit Dragon  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin  x2 
 Synchar  x3 
 Two-Mouth Darkruler  x3 
 Wicked Dragon with the Ersatz Head  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mesmeric Control  x2 
 Twister 
 Level 20 
 
 Path of Power Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fireyarou  x3 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant  x3 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lord of D.  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mesmeric Control  x2 
 Twister  x3 
 Level 30 
 
 Path of Feral Power Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Ox  x3 
 Gyakutenno Megami  x2 
 Mystic Horseman  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin  x3 
 Saggi the Dark Clown  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Twin-Headed Behemoth Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cost Down 
 Enemy Controller  x2 
 Twister  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Path of Blue-Eyes Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Ox  x3 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Luster Dragon #2 
 Mystic Horseman  x2 
 Vorse Raider  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 D.D. Warrior  x3 
 Twin-Headed Behemoth Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cost Down  x2 
 Enemy Controller  x2 
 Twister  x2 
 Duelist Chronicles: Set Sail for the Kingdom 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Peak Performance" (Seto Kaiba starts the Duel with " Mountain " on his field.)
 
 
 Destined for Victory Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Ox  x2 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Mystic Horseman  x3 
 One-Eyed Shield Dragon  x2 
 Ryu-Kishin Powered  x2 
 Saggi the Dark Clown  x3 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Rabid Horseman Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Twister 
 Traps 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter  x2 
 Level 40 
 Skill: "Blue-Eyes Advent" (Seto Kaiba starts the Duel with " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " on his field.)
 
 
 Undeniable Victory Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x2 
 Hunter Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blue Dragon Summoner  x3 
 Mirage Dragon  x2 
 Vanguard of the Dragon  x3 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon Spells  (8) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Enemy Controller  x2 
 Fusion Sage 
 Monster Reborn 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Stamping Destruction  x2 
 Traps 
 Tyrant Wing 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 Level 20 
 
 Path of Destiny Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant  x2 
 Ryu-Kishin  x3 
 Saggi the Dark Clown  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gray Wing  x3 
 Twin-Headed Behemoth 
 Z-Metal Tank  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Mesmeric Control 
 Twister  x2 
 Traps 
 Virus Cannon  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Destined for Glory Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 X-Head Cannon  x3 
 Vorse Raider  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Y-Dragon Head  x3 
 Z-Metal Tank  x3 
 Machina Peacekeeper  x2 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon 
 XY-Dragon Cannon 
 XZ-Tank Cannon 
 YZ-Tank Dragon Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Enemy Controller 
 Frontline Base  x2 
 Machine Assembly Line  x2 
 Traps 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter  x2 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Level 40 
 
 Stormy Kingdom Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Ox  x3 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Gyakutenno Megami 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Mystic Horseman  x3 
 Saggi the Dark Clown  x2 
 Swordstalker Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Rabid Horseman  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Mesmeric Control 
 Monster Reborn 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Traps 
 Gift of The Mystical Elf 
 Negate Attack 
 Shadow Spell 
  Tag Duel Tournament (first event)  
 Partner Deck 
 
 Roar of Blue-Eyes Monsters  (11) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Vorse Raider  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 D.D. Warrior  x2 
 Kaiser Sea Horse  x2 
 Spear Dragon 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Paladin of White Dragon  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Enemy Controller  x2 
 White Dragon Ritual  x2 
 Twister  x2 
 Traps 
 Cloning 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter  x2 
 Partner Deck in DM Cup 
Skill: "Return of the Dragon Lords" (At the beginning of your turn from turn 6 onwards, add 1 "Return of the Dragon Lords" to the top of your Deck. You can only activate this Skill once per Duel.) 
 Return of Blue-Eyes Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Luster Dragon  x3 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dragon Spirit of White  x3 
 Cosmo Brain  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Silver's Cry 
 Enemy Controller  x2 
 Ancient Rules  x2 
 Traps 
 Negate Attack  x3 
 Normal Difficulty 
 Skill:   Blue Eyes Awakening : Add 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from outside of your Deck to your hand.
 
 
 KC Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Fireyarou  x3 
 Grappler  x2 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant  x3 
 Mystic Horseman  x3 
 Ryu-Kishin  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Lord of D.  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mesmeric Control  x2 
 Twister  x2 
 Hard Difficulty 
 Skill:   Robotic Reinforcements : Before your normal Draw in your Draw Phase, add 1 "X-Head Cannon", "Y-Dragon Head", or "Z-Metal Tank" to your hand.
 
 
 Transformed Duo Tag Deck Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Vorse Raider  x2 
 X-Head Cannon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Blade Knight  x2 
 Machina Peacekeeper  x2 
 Twin-Headed Behemoth 
 Y-Dragon Head  x2 
 Z-Metal Tank  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 XY-Dragon Cannon 
 XYZ-Dragon Cannon 
 XZ-Tank Cannon 
 YZ-Tank Dragon Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Frontline Base  x2 
 Machine Assembly Line  x2 
 Magic Reflector  x2 
 Traps 
 Interdimensional Matter Transporter 
  Tag Duel Tournament (second event)  
 Blue-Eyes Cup 
 Skill:  Blue Eyes Awakening : Add 1 "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" from outside of your Deck to your hand.
 
 
 Ultimate Toons (incomplete) Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber-Stein 
 Goddess with the Third Eye  x2 
 Kidmodo Dragon  x2 
 King of the Swamp  x3 
 Spear Dragon  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Fusion Reserve 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Seto Kaiba reach a certain Level.
 
 Main release 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " De-Spell "
 
 
 4
 
 Peak Performance ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Gyakutenno Megami "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Lord of D. "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Dark Energy "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Beatdown ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Ryu-Kishin Powered "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Burst Stream of Destruction "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Interdimensional Matter Transporter "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Lord of D. "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Versago the Destroyer "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Interdimensional Matter Transporter "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of  " Cave Dragon "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Burst Breath "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Majesty with Eyes of Blue "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " The Melody of Awakening Dragon "
 
 
 Beta release 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Saggi the Dark Clown "
 
 
 4
 
 Peak Performance ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 6
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Mesmeric Control "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Gyakutenno Megami "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Lord of D. "
 
 
 12
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Beatdown ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Familiar Knight "
 
 
 15
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Chosen One "
 
 
 17
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Lord of D. "
 
 
 19
 
 30 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Burst Stream of Destruction "
 
 
 22
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Ryu-Kishin Powered "
 
 
 24
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Versago the Destroyer "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Seto Kaiba)
 
 
 28
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 500 Gems
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Seto Kaiba, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Blue-Eyes White Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Battle Ox "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Familiar Knight "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Enemy Controller "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Champion's Vigilance "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Rabid Horseman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Mystic Horseman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Light Effigy "
 
 
 R 
 
 " The Flute of Summoning Dragon "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Mesmeric Control "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Cloning "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Tastunootoshigo "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Peak Performance
 
 Begin Duel with the Field Spell " Mountain " activated.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Beatdown
 
 Until the end of the turn, increase the ATK of all face-up Level 5 or higher monsters you control by the number of Level 5 or higher monsters you control times 300. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Draw Sense: High-Level
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of doing a normal draw, draw a random monster of Level 5 or higher.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Balance
 
 Your starting hand will reflect the card balance of your deck. This Skill will not activate unless you have at least 6 of each type of card (Monster, Spell, and Trap) in your Deck.
 You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.
 This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: Spell/Trap
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1000. In the Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random Spell/Trap Card.
 This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 3 or more Spell/Trap Cards with different names.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WATER-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WIND
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random WIND-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Heavy Starter
 
 If you have 3 or more Level 5 or higher monsters with different names in your Deck, you will have an improved chance of having a Level 5 or higher monster in your starting hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate any monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost β
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1500, reduces hand by 1.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost γ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 2500, reduces hand by 2.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Kaiba announces "I will defeat you once and for all!" or "Every Duel I've fought has led up to THIS moment! The moment I finally take down Yugi Muto, and regain my top Dueling status! Let the epic battle begin!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "Now YOU will call ME the King of Games!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Kaiba says "Yugi, I was willing to risk everything to win. But I still couldn't pull it off..." 
 Joey Wheeler 
 When starting a Duel with  Joey Wheeler , Kaiba announces "I'll show this sniveling puppy that he's more bark than bite!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "Out-Dueling Joey Wheeler is no cause for celebration. I could've beaten him blind-folded." 
 When he loses the Duel, Kaiba says "Heh. So this is what it feels like being the worst Duelist in the world." 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 When starting a Duel with  Maximillion Pegasus , Kaiba announces "You're going down, Pegasus!"
 When he loses the Duel, Kaiba says "Mokuba... forgive me..." 
 Ishizu Ishtar 
 When starting a Duel with  Ishizu Ishtar , Kaiba announces "I don't believe in any of your destiny nonsense, is that clear?" followed by "The only thing I believe in is the power of my cards to take you down!"
 When he wins the Duel, Kaiba says "You believed that destiny would leave you to victory." followed by "But I just proved that destiny is nothing but a joke!" 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 When starting a Duel against  Mokuba Kaiba , Kaiba may sometimes announce "If you're showing no mercy, then I won't either, Mokuba!"
 When he wins the Duel, he says "During a Duel, there are no friends or family!" following it up with "Got it, Mokuba?" 
 When he loses the Duel, he says "Heh, you made a good move." followed by "I guess there's a first for everything." or "Heh. Nicely done, Mokuba." (Erroneously displayed as "I'll make you pay...") 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "Witness the incredible creature of unsurpassed power!" followed by "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" being Summoned plays afterward.
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Prepare for annihilation! Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon, attack!" followed by "Neutron Blast Attack!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes White Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "Not a single card can stand up to this!" followed by "I call on Blue-Eyes White Dragon!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" (or its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes! Lay waste to your enemy!" followed by "White Lightning!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Obelisk the Tormentor ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "Prepare to cower before my Egyptian God, an all mighty creature that knows no equal!" followed by "Show yourself, Obelisk the Tormentor!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "Obelisk the Tormentor" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Obelisk the Tormentor" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Obelisk, crush the enemy and bring me victory!" followed by "Fist of Fate!" 
 When Kaiba activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Obelisk's effect activates!" followed by "Fist of Fury!" 
 When Kaiba activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Obelisk's effect activates!" followed by "Titan Firestorm!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Vampire Lord ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Vampire Lord!". If that player hasn't already Summoned "Vampire Lord" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Vampire Lord" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack,  Vampire Lord!" followed by "Dark Disciple!" 
 When Kaiba activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Vampire Lord feeds on your deck!" 
 When Kaiba activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Vampire Lord is immortal!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba briefly appears, and he announces "My ultimate monster lets me summon this brilliant dragon!" followed by "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon!" followed by "Shining Neutron Blast!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Blue-Eyes Shining Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Shining Nova!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Let's go, Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take this! Blue-Eyes Solid Dragon! Attack!" 
 When Kaiba activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I now negate your monster's effects!" 
 When Kaiba activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I return Solid Dragon to my deck to bring a new Blue-Eyes!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Dragon Spirit of White ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "Emerge, Dragon Spirit of White!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Dragon Spirit of White!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Dragon Spirit of White's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Tyrant Burst Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon Tyrant Burst Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tyrant Burst Dragon attacks!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " XYZ-Dragon Cannon ", a cut-in frame of Kaiba's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon XYZ-Dragon Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "XYZ-Dragon Cannon, attack!" followed by "Unleash your firepower! Cannon Firestorm!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "XYZ-Dragon Cannon's effect activates!" followed by "Hyper Destruction!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Different Dimension Dragon ", he announces "Come here! Different Dimension Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Different Dimension Dragon attack!" followed by "Rainbow Burst!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Kaibaman ", he announces "It's like looking in the mirror! Here comes Kaibaman!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an track with that monster, he announces "Go, Kaibaman!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use Kaibaman's effect to Special Summon Blue-Eyes!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Kaiser Glider ", he announces "Come here, Kaiser Glider!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Kaiser Glider!" followed by "Golden Burst!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Kaiser Glider's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " The King of D. ", he announces "The King of D.!" (spoken as "King of Dragons")
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em The King of D.!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I discard a card to activate The King of D.'s effect!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Vorse Raider ", he announces "I Summon Vorse Raider!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " X-Head Cannon ", he announces "X-Head Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "X-Head Cannon attacks!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " XY-Dragon Cannon ", he announces "I Special Summon XY-Dragon Cannon!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " XZ-Tank Cannon ", he announces "I Special Summon XZ-Tank Cannon!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Y-Dragon Head ", he announces "Y-Dragon Head!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Y-Dragon Head attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Y-Dragon Head's effect!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " YZ-Tank Dragon ", he announces "I Special Summon YZ-Tank Dragon!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Z-Metal Tank ", he announces "Z-Metal Tank!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Z-Metal Tank attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Z-Metal Tank's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Kaiba activates " Beacon of White ", he announces "I equip Beacon of White on Blue-Eyes to Special Summon it!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Bingo Machine, Go!!! ", he announces "The Spell Card, Bingo Machine, Go!!!!" followed by "I add the card you choose to my hand!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Burst Stream of Destruction ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Burst Stream of Destruction!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Cloning ", he announces "I now activate my Trap! Cloning!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Cost Down ", he announces "I can use this Spell Card to Special Summon higher level monsters." followed by "By lowering my monster's Levels." 
 When Kaiba activates " Destruction Ring ", he announces "My Trap Card activates, Destruction Ring!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Dragon Revival Rhapsody ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Dragon Revival Rhapsody!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Enemy Controller ", he announces "I activate Enemy Controller" followed by "Enter the code! ←→AB!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Interdimensional Matter Transporter ", he announces "I activate my Trap! Interdimensional Matter Transporter!" followed by "Transport 'em away!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Majesty with Eyes of Blue ", he announces "My Blue-Eyes will paralyze anyone worth its glare!" followed by "The Quick-Play Spell, Majesty with Eyes of Blue!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Megamorph ", he announces "The Spell Card, Megamorph!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Monster Reborn ",he announces"I activate my Spell Card! Monster Reborn!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Neutron Blast ", he announces "With this, Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon can attack three times! And you can't activate effects during these attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Polymerization ", he announces "If you didn't already realize how much better I am than you, you'll find out now! I activate Polymerization!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Ring of Defense ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Ring of Defense!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Soul Exchange ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Soul Exchange!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Shrink ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Shrink!" followed by "It halves a monster's ATK!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Silent Doom ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Silent Doom!" 
 When Kaiba activates " The Fang of Critias ", he announces "This card is the key to my victory!" followed by "Fang of Critias!" 
 When Kaiba activates " The Flute of Summoning Dragon ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! The Flute of Summoning Dragon!" followed by "By playing this flute, Lord of D. Special Summons a Dragon!" 
 When Kaiba activates " The Melody of Awakening Dragon ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, The Melody of Awakening Dragon!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Virus Cannon ", he announces "I'll rip the wings off your strategy!" followed by "I activate my virus card! Virus Cannon!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 Monsters 
 When Kaiba Summons " A-Assault Core ", he announces "A-Assault Core!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "A-Assault Core, attack!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "A-Assault Core's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon ", he announces "A through Z join together into A-to-Z Dragon Buster Cannon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "A-to-Z-Dragon Buster Cannon's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " ABC-Dragon Buster ", he announces "A,B, and C combine into ABC-Dragon Buster!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "ABC-Dragon Buster attacks!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "ABC-Dragon Buster's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End ", he announces "I Special Summon Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Erase everything with Cemetery of Fire!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " C-Crush Wyvern ", he announces "C-Crush Wyvern!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "C-Crush Wyvern, attack!" 
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "C-Crush Wyvern's effect activates!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Doom Virus Dragon ", he announces "Only I can do what no other Duelists can do! Hahahaha..." followed by "Rise up, Doom Virus Dragon!"
 When Kaiba activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Doom Virus Dragon destroys monsters with 1500 or more ATK!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Legendary Dragon of White ", he announces "I Xyz Summon Legendary Dragon of White!" 
 When Kaiba Summons " Mirror Force Dragon ", he announces "Feel my power" followed by "Now rise, Mirror Force Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kaiba declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crush 'em, Mirror Force Dragon!" followed by "Absorb Reflection!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Kaiba activates " Card of Demise ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Card of Demise!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Crush Card Virus ", he announces "I play a Virus Card, the Trap Card Crush Card Virus activates!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Deck Devastation Virus ", he announces "I play a Virus Card, the Trap Card Deck Devastation Virus activates!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Eradicator Epidemic Virus ", he announces "I play a Virus Card, the Trap Card Eradicator Epidemic Virus activates!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Fiend's Sanctuary ", he announces "This is just the card I need to take you down, I activate Fiend's Sanctuary!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Final Attack Orders ", he announces "Ha! You think you can avoid a fight?" followed by "I activate my Continuous Trap! Final Attack Orders!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Lullaby of Obedience ", he announces "Even the cards know which Duelist should win." followed by "I activate the Spell Card, Lullaby of Obedience!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Rage with Eyes of Blue ", he announces "The Quick-Play Spell, Rage with Eyes of Blue!" followed by "I banish my hand, field, and Graveyard, to summon Blue-Eyes!" 
 When Kaiba activates " Ring of Destruction ", he announces "My Trap Card activates, Ring of Destruction!" 
 When Kaiba activates " The Ultimate Creature of Destruction ", he announces "With this Trap, my Blue-Eyes becomes The Ultimate Creature of Destruction!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Kaiba announces "I activate a Trap from my Graveyard!" followed by "I set this card on my field." 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Duel Monsters  (DM) counterpart of  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) . 
 Seto's dialogue for when he loses a Duel against  Pegasus  is a reference to when he lost to Pegasus in  Duelist Kingdom . 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) is the character with the least exclusive  Skills  in the game, having only one. 
 Due to Seto Kaiba (DSOD) being introduced to  Duel Links  on September 26, 2019, some of that character's card-specific dialogue was copied onto that of Seto Kaiba (DM), giving the latter additional card-specific dialogue.
 This makes Seto Kaiba (DM) the first Legendary Duelist to have an increased amount of card-specific dialogue. 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and  Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers , Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD),  Axel Brodie ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and  Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Maximillion Pegasus, and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik ,  Espa Roba ,  Aigami ,  Sera , and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 The Legendary Duelists who have the longest dialogue for the specific cards that feature a cut-in frame of the said character(s) are:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Odion -  Mystical Beast of Serket , The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 The Paradox Brothers -  Gate Guardian 
 Yubel -  Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Sartorius Kumar -  Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler ,  Arcana Force XXI - The World 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine -  Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess a Skill that allows them to begin a Duel with a specific Field Spell on the field:
 Yami Yugi, Arkana, Yubel, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Rex Goodwin - Power of Dark 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) - Peak Performance 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Tristan Taylor (DM) - Fields of the Warriors 
 Mai Valentine  - Harpies' Hunting Ground 
 Rex Raptor , Tyranno Hassleberry - Dinosaur Kingdom 
 Mako Tsunami - Mythic Depths 
 Bonz  - Straight to the Grave 
 Chazz Princeton - Land of the Ojamas 
 Sartorius Kumar - Light Barrier 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel - Neo Space! 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi,  Téa Gardner (DM) , Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) - Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik - The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Gandora the Dragon of Destruction]],  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine  and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Seto Kaiba  pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/23/SetoKaiba-DL.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190614200609', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/99/Profile-DULI-SetoKaiba.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306180452', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/Icon-DULI-SetoKaiba.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301164910', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/db/Icon-DULI-SetoKaiba2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301170752', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8d/Chibi-DULI-SetoKaiba.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828131530', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/eb/Icon-DULI-KaibaSilhouette.png/revision/latest?cb=20180315153947', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0b/CutIn-DULI-SetoKaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314193125', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/55/Summoning-DULI-SetoKaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20190604121955', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/Defeat-DULI-SetoKaiba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307143529', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Seto Kaiba pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters