Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Mathmech


 
 Mathmech 
 斬機 「 ザンキ 」  ( Zanki ) 
 
 
 
 
 Mathmech Equation 
 
 
 Translation 
 Processlayer 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Mathmech 
 
 
 German 
 Mathemech 
 
 
 Italian 
 Matemech 
 
 
 Korean 
 참기   Chamgi   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Mechamático(a) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Matemecha 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Rise of the Duelist Power of the Elements 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Mystic Fighters Maximum Gold: El Dorado Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Deck Build Pack: Mystic Fighters V Jump October 2019 promotional card 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.15 Premium Pack Vol.16 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Mathmech ", known as " Processlayer " ( 斬 機   Zanki ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  Cyberse   monsters  with various  Attributes  (primarily  EARTH  and  FIRE ), used by  Dark Kuroda  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures . They were introduced in  Deck Build Pack: Mystic Fighters .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Etymology 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Recommended cards 
 4   Official Decks 
 5   Weaknesses 
 6   Trivia 
 7   References 
 
 
 Etymology 
 Each member wields a weapon or is holding one in a way that denotes the mathematical symbol it represents.
 
 Playing style 
 The archetype's main goal is to set up an OTK using " Geomathmech Final Sigma ." Sigma is unaffected by card effects (except Mathmech cards) and deals double the damage when battling monsters while he is in the  Extra Monster Zone . Mathmech do this by quickly swarming the field with the various effects of the Level 4's, some of whom have ATK altering effects when they are sent to the GY (e.g. " Mathmech Multiplication " doubles the ATK of a  Cyberse  until the end of the turn, allowing "Final Sigma" to deal out massive damage).
 Alternatively, the archetype has powerful removal in the form of " Primathmech Laplacian " which has a " Trishula "-like effect that allows it to send opponent's cards to the GY, avoiding targeting or destruction trigger effects.
 
 Recommended cards 
 " Balancer Lord " and " One-Time Passcode " can put themselves on the field without wasting a Normal Summon for additional Synchro or Xyz material. "Backup Secretary" gives easy access to Level 7 Synchros while also being a simple tribute fodder for Nabla or Division's effects. " Cynet Mining " and " Cynet Backdoor " can search all of your Mathmech monsters.
 " Link Disciple " and " Link Devotee " are both Link-1 and each require  any  Level 4 or lower Cyberse-type monster, making them the easiest monsters to get in the Extra Monster Zone to tribute for Division's effect. However, there's also a nice combo between the two of them where you can tribute Devotee with Disciple's effect and then gain Devotee's effect to put additional bodies on your field in the form of two Tokens. " Cyberse Wicckid " can be used to search Nabla and Sigma out of the Main Deck, and the combination of " Transcode Talker " and " Update Jammer " can put a very high amount of damage on the field with only three monsters.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Mathmech Addition 
 Mathmech Subtraction 
 Mathmech Multiplication 
 Mathmech Division 
 Backup Secretary 
 Balancer Lord 
 Code Radiator 
 Firewall Guardian 
 RAM Clouder 
 ROM Cloudia 
 Tuner monsters 
 Mathmech Nabla 
 Mathmech Sigma Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Geomathmech Magma 
 Geomathmech Final Sigma 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Primathmech Alembertian 
 Primathmech Laplacian 
 Firewall eXceed Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Cyberse Wicckid 
 Elphase 
 Link Devotee 
 Link Disciple 
 Linkuriboh 
 Transcode Talker 
 Update Jammer Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mathmech Billionblade Nayuta 
 Mathmech Equation 
 Cynet Backdoor 
 Cynet Mining 
 One-Time Passcode 
 Traps 
 Mathmech Induction 
 Mathmech Superfactorial 
 Rivalry of Warlords 
 Official Decks 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! OCG Structures  -  Dark Kuroda's  Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Balancer Lord  x3 
 Mathmech Addition  x3 
 Mathmech Division 
 Mathmech Multiplication  x3 
 Mathmech Subtraction  x3 
 RAM Clouder 
 Reborn Tengu  x3 
 Tin Goldfish  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Mathmech Nabla  x3 
 Mathmech Sigma  x3 Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Beelze of the Diabolic Dragons 
 Geomathmech Final Sigma  x2 
 Geomathmech Magma  x2 
 Hot Red Dragon Archfiend 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Abyss Dweller 
 Primathmech Alembertian  x2 
 Primathmech Laplacian 
 Number 41: Bagooska the Terribly Tired Tapir 
 Link Monsters 
 Borrelsword Dragon 
 Elphase 
 Code Talker Inverted Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cynet Mining  x3 
 Cynet Optimization  x2 
 Foolish Burial 
 Mathmech Equation  x3 
 Mathmech Billionblade Nayuta  x3 
 Soul Charge 
 Traps 
 Mathmech Induction 
 Mathmech Superfactorial 
 Weaknesses 
 Being an archetype composed entirely of Cyberse-type Monsters, they can be crippled by " There Can Be Only One ". 
 Spending multiple resources to go into Final Sigma can still be knocked out with a simple " Kaiju " monster, and having your plays interrupted by your opponent can be a big issue....and sometimes a game-loser if you don't have the cards to recover. 
 Since the deck focuses on Synchro and Xyz monsters, it can be partially disabled by " Dimensional Barrier ".
 
 Trivia 
 This archetype is the first all-Cyberse archetype that did not appear in any of  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime series. 
 This is the only Cyberse archetype to not include a Link Monster. 
 References 
 
 
   
" Mathmech " 「 斬 機 」 Members 
 Geomathmech Final Sigma Geomathmech Magma Mathmech Addition Mathmech Circular Mathmech Diameter Mathmech Division Mathmech Multiplication Mathmech Nabla Mathmech Sigma Mathmech Subtraction Primathmech Alembertian Primathmech Laplacian 
 Mathmech Billionblade Nayuta Mathmech Equation Mathmech Induction Mathmech Superfactorial 
 Support 
 Geomathmech Final Sigma Geomathmech Magma Mathmech Circular Mathmech Diameter Mathmech Nabla Mathmech Sigma Primathmech Alembertian Primathmech Laplacian 
 Mathmech Billionblade Nayuta Mathmech Equation Mathmech Induction Mathmech Superfactorial 
 
 v e 
" Mathmech " 「 斬 機 」 m   Members 
 Geomathmech Final Sigma Geomathmech Magma Mathmech Addition Mathmech Billionblade Nayuta Mathmech Equation Mathmech Multiplication Mathmech Nabla Mathmech Sigma Mathmech Subtraction Primathmech Alembertian 
 Support 
 Geomathmech Final Sigma Geomathmech Magma Mathmech Billionblade Nayuta Mathmech Equation Primathmech Alembertian 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Zan-ki.png/revision/latest?cb=20190617141044']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s), Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s)