Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Warriors_Unite


 
 Warriors Unite 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English 
 Warriors Unite 
 
 
 
 Set Information 
 
 Medium 
 Video game  
 
 
 Type 
 Booster pack 
 
 
 Number of cards 
 90 
 
 
 Cover card 
 Road Warrior 
 
 
 Release date 
 March 31, 2019 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Video games 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 Navigation 
 
 
 Previous 
 Current 
 Next 
 
 
 
 
 Dimension of the Wizards 
 Warriors Unite 
 Lords of Shining 
 
 
 
 
 
 Warriors Unite  is an original pack in the video game  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . It was first released in-game on March 31, 2019.
 
 Description 
 The road to victory has infinite possibilities! Blaze through your own path with " Road Warrior "! 
 
 Featuring: 
" Road Warrior ", A Synchro Monster used by  Yusei  in the anime! When successfully Synchro Summoned, you can Special Summon a Level 2 or lower Warrior or Machine-Type monster from your Deck! You can Special Summon monsters such as " Fortress Warrior ", which can be obtained as a Duel Reward from Yusei, and " Cyber-Stein ", which can be purchased at the Card Trader! 
" Quickdraw Synchron ", This Tuner Monster can be Special Summoned by sending 1 monster from your hand to the Graveyard! It can be substituted for any " Synchron " Tuner monster, meaning you can use it to Synchro Summon monsters from this BOX such as " Nitro Warrior " and " Road Warrior "! 
" Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En ", The ace monster of the " Six Samurai "! Once per turn it can negate any Spell or Trap Card your opponent activates! Foil your opponent's plans by using during your opponent's turn, and attack without fear of your opponent's face-down cards during your turn! 
" Shuffle Reborn ", A Spell Card that lets you Special Summon a monster from your Graveyard if you do not control any monsters. The Special Summoned monster's effect is negated, and it is banished at the end of the turn, so either attack with it or use it as a Tribute or Synchro Material. 
 
A total of 90 types of Cards: 9  UR , 11  SR , 28  R , and 42  N .
 
 
 
 Each box of  Warriors Unite  contains 180 packs. Each pack contains 3 different cards: 2 of them are individually guaranteed to be Normal (aka Common) or Rare, while the third card is guaranteed to be Rare, Super Rare, or Ultra Rare. There is a guaranteed number of copies of each individual card per box, depending on its rarity:
 
 Ultra Rare: 1 copy 
 Super Rare: 2 copies 
 Rare: 6 copies 
 Normal (aka Common): 8 copies
 The exceptions to this are the following Normal cards, with there being 9 copies of each instead: " Chamberlain of the Six Samurai ", " Grappler ", " Monster Egg ", " Mispolymerization ", and " Giant Trap Hole ". 
 Reprinted cards from previous boxes include: " Scrap Golem ", " Hand of the Six Samurai ", " Jurrac Herra ", " Scrap Hunter ",  " Scrap Searcher ", " Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume ", " Jurrac Ptera ", and " Shien's Dojo ". 
 List 
 Name Rarity Category " Road Warrior " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Scrap Twin Dragon " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Legendary Six Samurai - Shi En " Ultra Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Quickdraw Synchron " Ultra Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Legendary Six Samurai - Kizan " Ultra Rare Effect Monster " Mobius the Frost Monarch " Ultra Rare Effect Monster " Scrap Factory " Ultra Rare Field   Spell Card " Shuffle Reborn " Ultra Rare Normal   Spell Card " Herald of the Abyss " Ultra Rare Normal   Spell Card " Nitro Warrior " Super Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Stardust Charge Warrior " Super Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Scrap Beast " Super Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Quillbolt Hedgehog " Super Rare Effect Monster " Red Sparrow Summoner " Super Rare Effect Monster " Parry Knights " Super Rare Effect Monster " Six Samurai United " Super Rare Continuous   Spell Card " Burial from a Different Dimension " Super Rare Quick-Play   Spell Card " Concentrating Current " Super Rare Quick-Play   Spell Card " Six Style - Dual Wield " Super Rare Normal   Trap Card " Necro Fusion " Super Rare Normal   Trap Card " Jurrac Giganoto " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Jurrac Meteor " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Ally of Justice Decisive Armor " Rare Effect   Synchro Monster " Super Vehicroid - Stealth Union " Rare Effect   Fusion Monster " Scrap Goblin " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Legendary Six Samurai - Enishi " Rare Effect Monster " Legendary Six Samurai - Kageki " Rare Effect Monster " Legendary Six Samurai - Mizuho " Rare Effect Monster " Elder of the Six Samurai " Rare Effect Monster " Secret Six Samurai - Fuma " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Jurrac Velo " Rare Effect Monster " Jurrac Aeolo " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Ally of Justice Cyclone Creator " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Ally of Justice Cycle Reader " Rare Effect   Tuner monster " Deskbot 003 " Rare Effect Monster " Deskbot 004 " Rare Effect Monster " Mixeroid " Rare Effect Monster " Evolsaur Elias " Rare Effect Monster " D.D. Unicorn Knight " Rare Effect Monster " Super-Ancient Dinobeast " Rare Effect Monster " Deep-Space Cruiser IX " Rare Effect Monster " Asceticism of the Six Samurai " Rare Quick-Play   Spell Card " Megaroid City " Rare Field   Spell Card " Magical Spring " Rare Quick-Play   Spell Card " Double-Edged Sword Technique " Rare Normal   Trap Card " Jurrac Velphito " Normal Effect   Synchro Monster " Ally of Justice Field Marshal " Normal Effect   Synchro Monster " Deskbot Jet " Normal Effect   Synchro Monster " Barbaroid, the Ultimate Battle Machine " Normal Effect   Fusion Monster " Charubin the Fire Knight " Normal Fusion Monster " Road Synchron " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Nitro Synchron " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Scrap Soldier " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Legendary Six Samurai - Shinai " Normal Effect Monster " Kagemusha of the Six Samurai " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Secret Six Samurai - Genba " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Legendary Secret of the Six Samurai " Normal Effect Monster " Shien's Squire " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Jurrac Monoloph " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Jurrac Dino " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Jurrac Gallim " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Ally of Justice Omni-Weapon " Normal Effect Monster " Deskbot 001 " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Deskbot 002 " Normal Effect Monster " Deskbot 009 " Normal Effect Monster " Evoltile Casinerio " Normal Effect Monster " Grappler Angler " Normal Effect   Tuner monster " Majiosheldon " Normal Effect Monster " Chamberlain of the Six Samurai " Normal Normal Monster " Grappler " Normal Normal Monster " Monster Egg " Normal Normal Monster " Child's Play " Normal Continuous   Spell Card " Summon Over " Normal Field   Spell Card " Swift Samurai Storm! " Normal Continuous   Trap Card " Breakthrough! " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Backs to the Wall " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Musakani Magatama " Normal Counter   Trap Card " Emergeroid Call " Normal Counter   Trap Card " Mispolymerization " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Giant Trap Hole " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Degen-Force " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Different Dimension Encounter " Normal Normal   Trap Card " Scrap Golem " Rare Effect Monster " Hand of the Six Samurai " Rare Effect Monster " Jurrac Herra " Rare Effect Monster " Scrap Hunter " Normal Effect Monster " Scrap Searcher " Normal Effect Monster " Secret Six Samurai - Hatsume " Normal Effect Monster " Jurrac Ptera " Normal Effect Monster " Shien's Dojo " Normal Continuous   Spell Card 
 External links 
 konami.com   Warriors Unite 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links Events 
 Character unlock events 
 Welcome to Toon World 
 Fear the Deck of Terror! The Destiny Board of Doom 
 Paradox Brothers: Guardians of the Gate 
 Attack of the Rare Hunters! Yami Marik Returns! 
 Duelist Chronicles: Set Sail for the Kingdom! 
 Dr. Crowler's Tricky Tests 
 Bonz's Spooky Zombie Party 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Begins! 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 Awaken! Rainbow Dragon! 
 Syrus Truesdale's Road to Duel Links 
 Espa Roba's Duel Carnival 
 Cyberdark Impact! Zane Truesdale Strikes! 
 Tabletop RPG: Monster World 
 Rise of Yubel - The Ultimate Nightmare 
 Sector Security on the Move! Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Atlas Rising: The Return of Jack Atlas 
 I've Got Dino DNA! Tyranno Hassleberry's Ultimate Evolution 
 Consumed by Light: Sartorius Emerges 
 Raid Duel - The Flames of Vengeance: Ccapac Apu 
 Rise of Yubel - Soul Polymerization 
 Destiny Decided! Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Transcend Game Part 2 
 Raid Duel - The Netherworld Cometh: Wiraqocha Rasca 
 Memories of a Friend 
 Blair Flannigan's Maiden in Love 
 Carly Carmine's Duel Links Spotlight! 
 Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Buster Gundil the Cubic Behemoth 
 Téa Gardner's Reminiscence of the Future 
 Duelist Road - Clash at Crash Town 
 Raid Duel - Dimensional Disaster: Indiora Doom Volt the Cubic Emperor 
 Shark Attack: Numbers Appear 
 D.D. Castle: Assault 
 Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 Clear Mind: Antinomy the Mysterious Turbo Duelist 
 Roll the Dice! Duke Devlin Appears! 
 Raid Duel - Fear the Meklord Emperor 
 Raid Duel - Giant Grinder: The Meet-and-Greet of Nightmares 
 D.D. Castle: Supreme King Rises 
 For the Sake of the Family: Trey Arrives 
 The Power Beyond Dimensions: Declan Akaba 
 Raid Duel - The Embodiment of Despair: Meklord Astro Mekanikle 
 The Dark Duelist of Xyz: Yuto! 
 Roaming character events 
 Roaming Duelists 
 Rex Raptor's Dino Mayhem! 
 Chazz-A-Thon 
 Mark of the Dark Signer 
 Other events 
 Duel-A-Thon 
 Duelist Challenges 
 Card Flipper Campaign 
 Unleash the Egyptian God Card! Yami Marik Returns II 
 D.D. Tower: Fire Dimension 
 D.D. Tower: Water Dimension 
 Duel Island: -Gladiator- 
 D.D. Tower: Wind & Earth Dimension 
 Duelist Chronicles: Battle City Showdown! 
 D.D. Tower: Dark Dimension 
 Duel Quest 
 D.D. Tower: Sacred Light Dimension 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 Tour Guide's Bingo Missions 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Society of Light 
 Mark of the Dark Signer 
 Mission Circuit 
 Leo and Luna's Duel Carnival 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Yubel 
 Turbo Duel Grand Prix 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D'S: Fight for the Fortune Cup 
 Carly's Fortune-Telling 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D'S: Attack of the Dark Signers 
 D.D. Castle: Emergence 
 D.D. Castle: Siege 
 Duelist Road - The Power of ZEXAL! 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Duelist Road - The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Duelist Chronicles 5D's: The Three Emperors of Iliaster 
 
 Items 
 Card sleeve 
 Gate Key 
 Ticket 
 Icon 
 Playmat 
 Sets 
 Main Packs 
 The Ultimate Rising 
 Neo-Impact 
 Valkyrie's Rage 
 Chaotic Compliance 
 Crimson Kingdom 
 Electric Overload 
 Generation Next 
 Galactic Origin 
 Primal Burst 
 Abyss Encounters 
 Valiant Souls 
 Crusaders' Battlegrounds 
 Burning Nova 
 Gaia Genesis 
 Stardust Acceleration 
 Blackstorm Rising 
 Revolution Beginning 
 Absolute Inferno 
 Warriors Unite 
 Blazing Rose 
 Cybernetic Rebellion 
 Valhalla Calling 
 Dark Dimension 
 Aerial Assault 
 Future Horizon 
 Judgement Force 
 Truth Universe 
 Witch's Sorcery 
 Infernity Destruction 
 Shining Hope 
 Shark Fang 
 Infinite Ray 
 Antinomic Theory 
 Eternal Stream 
 Darkness Gimmick 
 Pendulum Genesis 
 Chaotic Soldiers 
 Fantastic Arc 
 Maximum Gustav 
 Cross Dimension 
 Shining Sunrise 
 Link Revolution 
 Braver Victory 
 Mini Packs 
 Age of Discovery 
 Flame of the Tyrant 
 Wonders of the Sky 
 Land of the Titans 
 Dawn of Destiny 
 Echoes of Silence 
 Servants of Kings 
 Blades of Spirits 
 Resonance of Contrast 
 Rampage of the Forest 
 Visions of Ice 
 Clash of Wings 
 Empire of Scarlet 
 Power of Bravery 
 Secrets of the Ancients 
 Tornado of Phantoms 
 Dimension of the Wizards 
 Lords of Shining 
 Guardians of Rock 
 Curse of Dread 
 Spirit of the Beast 
 Soul of Resurrection 
 Masters of Shadow 
 Fortress of Gears 
 Flames of the Heart 
 Chronicle of Glory 
 Arena of Sanctuary 
 Voltage of the Metal 
 Rage of Volcano 
 Photon of Galaxy 
 Sign of Harpies 
 The King of Vermilion 
 Arts of Atlantis 
 Idea of Armageddon 
 Force of Infinity 
 Phantom of Rebellion 
 Energy of Gigarays 
 Heart of Xyz 
 Stars of Synchro 
 Stage of Trickstar 
 Structure Decks 
 Dragonic Force 
 Sorcerer's Alliance 
 Legendary Warriors 
 HERO Rising 
 Destiny Rulers 
 Dragonic Knights 
 Synchro Connection 
 Swordbound Silence 
 Return of the Red-Eyes 
 Hero Generation 
 Gagaga Xyz 
 Magicians Arc 
 Structure Decks EX 
 Spellbound Silence 
 The White Dragon of Legend 
 Ancient Gear Awakening 
 Neos Fusion 
 Full Metal Desperado 
 Masters of Chaos 
 King's Resonance 
 Dragunity Overdrive 
 Gladiator's Storm 
 Return of the Fire Kings 
 Tales of the Noble Knights 
 Blue-Eyes Evolution 
 Stardust Nexus 
 Rise of Gaia 
 Evil Domination 
 D/D/D Apocalypse 
 Cyber Style Extreme 
 Sword of Paladin 
 Tellarknight Advent 
 Brave Hope 
 Ruddy Rose Burning 
 Cyberse Code 
 Limited Edition Sets 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 
 Selection Box Vol. 03 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 04 
 Selection Box Vol. 03 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 01 Super Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 05 
 Selection Box Vol. 04 Mini 
 Selection Box Vol. 02 Super Mini 
 Special Packs 
 New Week Campaign! 
 Vol.01 
 Vol.02 
 Vol.03 
 Vol.04 
 
 Forbidden/Limited Lists 
 2017
 August 
 November 
 2018
 January
 9 
 24 
 February
 5 
 June
 26 
 August
 29 
 October
 29 
 2019
 January
 24 
 March
 25 
 May
 16 
 July
 26 
 August
 27 
 October
 28 
 December
 11 
 2020
 March
 24 
 May
 21 
 July
 21 
 October
 14 
 December
 15 
 2021
 January
 5 
 March
 9 
 May
 10 
 July
 9 
 August
 6 
 Skill Rebalancing 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 Miscellaneous 
 Card Trader 
 Duel Quiz 
 Mission Bingo 
 Loaner Deck Duels 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/WarriorsUnite.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/250?cb=20190417003914']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links sets