Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Bastion_Misawa_(Duel_Links)


 
 Bastion Misawa 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Bastion Misawa 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 三沢大地 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Duel Links 
 Bastion Deck Element Deck Element Deck Ver. 2.0 H2O Dragon H2O Dragon Ver. 2.0 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Eric Stuart 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuki Masuda 
 
 
 
 Bastion Misawa  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Bastion Misawa , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime.
 He appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for winning 50 Duels with 3 or less cards remaining in their  Deck 
 Yellow  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Bastion Misawa at the  Gate .
 The  special event  Inglorious Bastion has Bastion use different Decks and drop different rewards than usual.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Unlock Missions 
 4   Decks 
 
 4.1   Character 
 4.2   Opponent 
 
 4.2.1   Level 10 
 4.2.2   Level 20 
 4.2.3   Level 30 
 4.2.4   Level 40 
 
 
 4.3   Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 
 4.3.1   Neos Cup 
 
 
 4.4   Inglorious Bastion 
 
 4.4.1   Level 30 
 4.4.2   Level 40 
 
 
 4.5   Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 
 4.5.1   Level 20 
 4.5.2   Level 40 
 
 
 
 
 5   Level-up rewards 
 6   Duel rewards 
 7   Skills 
 8   Dialogue 
 
 8.1   Character-specific 
 8.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 As  Ra Yellow 's resident genius, Bastion wields six different  decks  so that he'll have the optimal cards for any Duel. Someone with this much skill should stand out amongst his peers... but he's always in the background. His ace  monster  may appear to be " Water Dragon ", but his real ace is  a different monster .
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Unlock Missions 
 
 
 Missions
 
 Reward
 
 
 Achieve 1 win(s) using only WATER Monster Cards.
 
 5,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 1 win(s) using only FIRE Monster Cards.
 
 5,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 1 win(s) using only EARTH Monster Cards.
 
 5,000 Gold
 
 
 Achieve 1 win(s) using only WIND Monster Cards.
 
 5,000 Gold
 
 
 Complete all Character Unlock Missions.
 
 50 EARTH Jewels
 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Bastion Deck Monsters  (19) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bio-Mage  x3 
 Dissolverock  x3 
 Hinotama Soul  x3 
 LaLa Li-Oon  x3 
 Violent Rain  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Hydrogeddon  x2 
 Oxygeddon 
 Water Dragon  (glossy) Spells  (1) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bonding - H2O 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Element Deck Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Bio-Mage  x3 
 Dissolverock  x3 
 Hinotama Soul  x3 
 LaLa Li-Oon  x3 
 Violent Rain   x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 White Magician Pikeru  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (2) 
 Traps 
 Spirit Barrier  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Element Deck Ver. 2.0 Monsters  (17) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Element Doom  x3 
 Element Dragon  x3 
 Element Magician  x3 
 Element Soldier  x3 
 Element Valkyrie  x3 
 White Magician Pikeru  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Scroll of Bewitchment  x3 
 Level 30 
 
 H2O Dragon Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Hyozanryu 
 Stone Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Hydrogeddon  x3 
 Light Effigy  x3 
 Oxygeddon  x2 
 The Trojan Horse  x3 
 Water Dragon Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Bonding - H2O  x2 
 Fossil Dig  x2 
 Traps 
 Astral Barrier 
 Inspiration 
 Level 40 
 
 H2O Dragon Ver 2.0 Monsters  (10) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Hyozanryu 
 Effect Monsters 
 Carboneddon  x2 
 Hydrogeddon  x3 
 Oxygeddon  x3 
 Water Dragon Spells  (6) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Bonding - H2O  x2 
 Fossil Dig  x2 
 Riryoku  x2 
 Traps 
 Fossil Excavation  x2 
 Magic Cylinder  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament (second event) 
 Neos Cup 
 
 Ancient Science Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Element Doom  x2 
 Element Dragon  x2 
 Element Magician  x2 
 Element Saurus  x2 
 Element Soldier  x2 
 Element Valkyrie  x2 
 The Trojan Horse  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gaia Power  x3 
 Invigoration  x2 
 Inglorious Bastion 
 Level 30 
 
 Chemicritter Ver 2.0 Monsters  (14) 
 Gemini monsters 
 Blazewing Butterfly  x3 
 Chemicritter Carbo Crab  x3 
 Chemicritter Hydron Hawk  x3 
 Chemicritter Oxy Ox  x2 
 Darkstorm Dragon 
 Poly-Chemicritter Dioxogre 
 Poly-Chemicritter Hydragon Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Supervise  x3 
 Traps 
 Birthright 
 Burn Out  x2 
 Level 40 
 
 Yokai Zombie Ver 2.0 Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Goblin Zombie  x2 
 Gozuki  x3 
 Kasha  x2 
 Mezuki  x2 
 Red Ogre 
 Samurai Skull  x2 
 Shutendoji  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Book of Life  x2 
 Foolish Burial 
 Traps 
 Haunted Shrine  x3 
 From June 7, 2019 onward.
 
 
 Yokai Zombie Ver 2.0 Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Goblin Zombie  x2 
 Gozuki  x3 
 Kasha 
 Mezuki  x2 
 Nine-Tailed Fox 
 Red Ogre 
 Samurai Skull  x2 
 Shutendoji  x2 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Book of Life  x2 
 Foolish Burial 
 Traps 
 Haunted Shrine  x3 
 Duelist Chronicles GX: Welcome to Duel Academy! 
 Level 20 
 Skill: "Formula for Success"
 
 
 Dihydrogen Monoxide Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Mathematician  x3 
 Hydrogeddon  x3 
 Oxygeddon 
 Water Dragon  x2 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Gemini monsters 
 Chemicritter Hydron Hawk  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Bonding - H2O  x2 
 Hydro Pressure Cannon  x3 
 Traps 
 Pikeru's Circle of Enchantment  x2 
 Level 40 
 Skill: "Unexpected Outcome" (Bastion Misawa will Special summon one " Water Dragon " on the field at the fifth turn.)
 
 
 Chemical Bond Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Hyozanryu 
 Effect Monsters 
 Carboneddon  x3 
 Duoterion  x3 
 Hydrogeddon  x3 
 Mathematician  x2 
 Oxygeddon  x2 
 Water Dragon 
 Water Dragon Cluster Spells  (3) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Bonding - D2O 
 Bonding - H2O  x2 
 Traps 
 Bonding - DHO 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Bastion Misawa reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " D.D. Scout Plane "
 
 
 4
 
 Silent as WATER ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Bastion Misawa)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Hyozanryu "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Bastion Misawa)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Hydrogeddon "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Chemicritter Carbo Crab "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Quick as the WIND ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Oxygeddon "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Chemicritter Hydron Hawk "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Homunculus the Alchemic Being "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Mighty as FIRE ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Oxygeddon "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Chemicritter Hydron Hawk "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " D.D. Survivor "
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Bastion Misawa)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 300 Gems
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Chemicritter Carbo Crab "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Poly-Chemicritter Hydragon "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " DNA Transplant "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Poly-Chemicritter Dioxogre "
 
 
 41
 
 Deck slot (Bastion Misawa)
 
 
 42
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 43
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 44
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 45
 
 1 copy of " Carboneddon "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Bastion Misawa, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Water Dragon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Homunculus the Alchemic Being "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " D.D. Survivor "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " DNA Transplant "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Hyozanryu "
 
 
 R 
 
 " D.D. Scout Plane "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Bonding - H2O "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Spirit Barrier "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Crevice Into the Different Dimension "
 
 When dueling against Level 40 Inglourious Bastion, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Nine-Tailed Fox "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Shutendoji "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Amano-Iwato "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Goblin Elite Attack Force "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Red Ogre "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Poly-Chemicritter Dioxogre "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Chemicritter Oxy Ox "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Chemicritter Hydron Hawk "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Chemicritter Carbo Crab "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Poly-Chemicritter Hydragon "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ushi Oni "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Hyosube "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Silent as WATER
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Umiiruka ." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Quick as the WIND
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Rising Air Current ." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Mighty as FIRE
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Molten Destruction ." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Firm as the EARTH
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 3000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Gaia Power ." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Radiating LIGHT
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Luminous Spark ." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 DARK as Night
 
 Can be used after your Life Points are at 2000 or below. Play the Field Spell " Mystic Plasma Zone ." If there already is Field Spell on your side of the Field, return it to your hand. This skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random DARK monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random EARTH monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: FIRE
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random FIRE monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random LIGHT monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WATER
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random WATER monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: WIND
 
 Can be used before your normal draw each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. One of the cards from your normal draw this turn will be a random WIND monster in your deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel 
 When starting a Duel with  Jaden Yuki  or  Jaden/Yubel , Bastion announces "You claim to be the #1 Duelist in Duel Academy" followed by "But I designed a whole new Deck specifically to take down your Elemental HEROES!"
 When he wins the Duel, Bastion says "As you always say, that was a sweet game." followed by "Now I'm the #1 Duelist at the Academy." 
 When he loses the Duel, Bastion says "Countless equations, many theorems... But I have yet to solve the formula known as you, Jaden." followed by "You may have beaten this Deck, but you can be assured that there will be another." 
 Chazz Princeton 
 When starting a Duel with  Chazz Princeton , Bastion announces "You're just a problem to be solved. A theorem to be cracked." followed by "Which I shall do with this Deck, Chazz!" 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 When starting a Duel with  Syrus Truesdale , Bastion says "Uh, hello! I was here the whole time!" followed by "I was here even before you showed up! 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Bastion Summons " Water Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Bastion briefly appears, and he announces "The waters often appear serene, but sudden riptides swallow the earth whole!" followed by "Come forth, Water Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Water Dragon" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Water Dragon" being Summoned will play afterwards.
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Water Dragon, surge into action!" followed by "Tidal Blast!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Water Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Goka, the Pyre of Malice ", a cut-in frame of Bastion's face appears and he announces "A single spark can turn into a roaring inferno!" followed by "Burn! Goka, the Pyre of Malice"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack now, Goka!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Goka, the Pyre of Malice's effect activates!" 
 When Bastion summons " Kasha ", a cut-in frame of Bastion's face appears and he announces "I Special Summon a Level 8 Monster!" followed by "Roll forward, Kasha!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Kasha! Roll 'em in flames!" followed by "Fire Wheel!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Kasha's effect!" followed by "Entrance to the Underworld!" 
 When Bastion summons " Red Ogre ", a cut-in frame of Bastion's face appears and he announces "I've invited the emissary of darkness! Red Ogre!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Red Ogre!" followed by "Orge Flame!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red Ogre's effect activates!" followed by "Burning Inferno!" 
 When Bastion Summons " White Magician Pikeru ", a cut-in frame of Bastion's face appears and he announces "I don't recall putting this card in my Deck. How did it get in here?" followed by "I'll worry about that later. Come on out, White Magician Pikeru!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sigh... White Magician Pikeru, you truly are the queen of my Deck... Ack! I have to shake off my card crush and focus!" followed by "Attack! White Princess Magic!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "White Magician Pikeru, activate your effect!" followed by "Sigh... You're more than just my card crush!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Carboneddon ", he announces "Presenting Carboneddon!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Carboneddon!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Carboneddon's effect!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Fox Fire ", he announces "Don't judge a monster by it's cover. I present, Fox Fire!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fox Fire attacks!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Fox Fire's effect activates!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Gozuki ", he announces "Appear, Gozuki!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Gozuki!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gozuki's effect activates!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Hydrogeddon ", he announces "Presenting Hydrogeddon!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hydrogeddon, attack!" followed by "Hydro Gust!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Hydrogeddon's effect activates!" followed by "When it destroys your monster in battle, I can Special Summon another Hydrogeddon from my Deck!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Hyozanryu ", he announces "Forged from diamonds, here's Hyozanryu!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Hyozanryu, make me proud!" followed by "Diamond Devastator!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Mathematician ", he announces "Come, Mathematician!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mathematician, formulate their demise." followed by "Number Cruncher!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Mathematician's effect activates!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Mezuki ", he announces "Mezuki gallops to the field!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mezuki, Slice and Dice!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Mezuki's effect activates!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Oxygeddon ", he announces "Presenting Oxygeddon!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Oxygeddon, attack!" followed by "Vapor Stream!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Do you know what happens when oxygen mixes with fire? You shall find out now!" followed by "Oxygeddon's effect activates!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Plasma Warrior Eitom ", he announces "Introduce yourself, Plasma Warrior Eitom!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Eitom!" followed by "Atomic Blast!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Plasma Warrior Eitom's effect activates!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Rigorous Reaver ", he announces "Come out, Rigorous Reaver!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Rigorous Reaver! Attack!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Rigorous Reaver's effect!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Shutendoji ", he announces "Here's Shutendoji!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with Shutendoji!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Shutendoji's effect!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Vorse Raider ", he announces "Come out, Vorse Raider!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Vorse Raider! Slash!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Bastion activates " A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! A Wingbeat of Giant Dragon!" 
 When Bastion activates " Bonding - H2O ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card Bonding - H2O" followed by "With 2 Hydrogeddon and 1 Oxygeddon on my field..."then followed by "It's simple science to create water!" 
 When Bastion activates " Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell ", he announces "Ah, just the moment I was waiting for." followed by "I activate my Trap! Cursed Seal of the Forbidden Spell!" 
 When Bastion activates " Foolish Burial " he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Foolish Burial!" 
 When Bastion activates " Fuh-Rin-Ka-Zan ", he announces "The Trap Card, Fuh-Rin-Ka-Zan!" 
 When Bastion activates " Magic Cylinder ", he announces "My Trap Card activates! Magic Cylinder!" 
 When Bastion activates " Nobleman of Extermination ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card! Nobleman of Extermination!" 
 When Bastion activates " Reload ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Reload!" 
 When Bastion activates " Spirit Barrier ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Spirit Barrier!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but currently not in game yet) 
 Monsters 
 
 When Bastion Summons " Conduction Warrior Linear Magnum ± ", he announces "I present Conduction Warrior Linear Magnum ±!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Conduction Warrior Linear Magnum ±!" follows by "Polarizing Pulverizing Blast!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Activate your effect, Conduction Warrior Linear Magnum ±!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Litmus Doom Swordsman ", he announces "This card isn't affected by Traps nor can it be destroyed in battle, he is truly immortal!" followed by "Step forward, Litmus Doom Swordsman!"
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Litmus Doom Swordsman, give 'em a taste of your steel!" 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Litmus Doom Swordsman, unleash your effect!" 
 When Bastion Summons " Magnet Warrior Σ＋ ", he announces "I present Magnet Warrior Σ＋!" (spoken as "I present Σ＋ The Magnet Warrior!")
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Magnet Warrior Σ＋!" (spoken as "Attack, Σ＋ The Magnet Warrior!") 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "'Magnet Warrior Σ＋'s effect activates!"  (spoken as "Σ＋ The Magnet Warrior's effect activates!") 
 When Bastion Summons " Magnet Warrior Ω－ ", he announces "I present Magnet Warrior Ω－!" (spoken as "I present Ω－ The Magnet Warrior!")
 Most of the time when Bastion declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Magnet Warrior Ω－!" (spoken as "Attack, Ω－ The Magnet Warrior!") 
 When Bastion activates the effect of that monster, he announces "'Magnet Warrior Ω－'s effect activates!"  (spoken as "Ω－ The Magnet Warrior's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Bastion activates " Card Destruction " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Card Destruction!" 
 When Bastion activates " Litmus Doom Ritual " he announces "I activate the Ritual Spell, Death Ritual of Litmus!" (spoken as "I activate the Ritual Spell, Litmus Death Ritual!") 
 When Bastion activates " Double Spell " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Double Spell!" 
 When Bastion activates " Graceful Charity " he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Graceful Charity!" 
 When Bastion activates " Magnet Force Minus ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Magnet Force Minus!" 
 When Bastion activates " Magnet Force Plus ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap! Magnet Force Plus!" 
 When Bastion activates " Mischief of the Yokai ", he announces "The Trap Card, Mischief of the Yokai!" 
 When Bastion activates " Ring of Destruction " he announces "My Trap Card activates, Ring of Destruction!" 
 Trivia 
 The names of Bastion's  Skills  are references the descriptions of each of his 6 elemental Decks in the Japanese version of  episode 12  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. 
 Bastion's dialogue for " White Magician Pikeru " is a reference to  episode 36  of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. 
 The inclusion of  Zombie -type cards as card-specific dialogue references Bastion's Yokai-themed Deck in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga. 
 The Paradox Brothers ,  Arkana ,  Lumis and Umbra ,  Aigami ,  Sera ,  Prana ,  Jesse Anderson ,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler , Bastion Misawa,  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Sartorius Kumar ,  Blair Flannigan ,  Yusei Fudo ,  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Kalin Kessler , and  Reginald Kastle  are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, or anime-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, of if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Bastion's dialogue for such cards include: " Conduction Warrior Linear Magnum ± ",  " Magnet Warrior Σ＋ ", " Magnet Warrior Ω－ ", " Magnet Force Minus ", and " Magnet Force Plus ". 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have special event counterparts:
 Joey Wheeler (DM)  - Super Joey 
 Rex Raptor  - Roaring Rex 
 Mai Valentine - Elegant Mai 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  - Superb Téa 
 Chazz Princeton  - Serious Chazz 
 Syrus Truesdale  - Tardy Syrus 
 Jaden Yuki  - Spunky Jaden 
 Bastion Misawa - Inglorious Bastion 
 Yami Yugi  - Epic Yami 
 Ishizu Ishtar  - Gravekeeper Ishizu 
 Odion  - Solemn Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus  - Fantastic Pegasus 
 Alexis Rhodes - Alluring Alexis 
 Weevil Underwood  - Scheming Weevil 
 Aster Phoenix  - Professional Aster 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Evolved Hassleberry 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas  and  Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Zane Truesdale , and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and  Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo  and  Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski  and  Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi, Ishizu Ishtar, and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM)  and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine and  Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Axel Brodie ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD)  and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM) , Maximillion Pegasus, and  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik ,  Espa Roba , Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and  Mako Tsunami 
 v e 
 Bastion Misawa  (Daichi Misawa) pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Video games 
 Duel Academy 
 Duel Links 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Spirit Caller 
 Tag Force 
 World Championship 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/BastionMisawa-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/229?cb=20171006075515', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Profile-DULI-BastionMisawa.png/revision/latest?cb=20180306180131', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0a/Icon-DULI-BastionMisawa.png/revision/latest?cb=20180301163858', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b4/Icon-DULI-BastionMisawa2.png/revision/latest?cb=20180305210424', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4d/Chibi-DULI-BastionMisawa.png/revision/latest?cb=20190828132739', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/CutIn-DULI-BastionMisawa.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180314155137', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e9/Summoning-DULI-BastionMisawa.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180315172507', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/Defeat-DULI-BastionMisawa.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20180307142546', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Bastion Misawa pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters