Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gadget


 
 Gadget 
 ガジェット  ( Gajetto ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Green Gadget ", " Red Gadget " and " Yellow Gadget " in the artwork of " All-Out Attacks " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 Chinese 
 齒輪 Translation:  Gear 
 
 
 French 
 Gadget 
 
 
 German 
 Apparat Translation:  Apparatus 
 
 
 Italian 
 Congegno 
 
 
 Korean 
 가제트   Gajeteu   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Dispositivo 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Artilugio 
 
 
 Other names 
 ; Arabic الآلي Croatian Naprave 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Labyrinth of Nightmare Structure Deck: Machine Re-Volt Crossroads of Chaos Raging Battle Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Movie Pack 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Hobby League participation cards Duelist Pack: Yugi Machina Mayhem Structure Deck Machine Reactor Structure Deck Duel Power Maximum Gold: El Dorado Power of the Elements OTS Tournament Pack 20 Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Limited Edition 6 Structure Deck: Machiners Command Structure Deck R: Machine Dragon Re-Volt V Jump May 2017 promotional card V Jump January 2019 promotional card Duelist Pack: Duelists of Pyroxene Animation Chronicle 2022 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.14 2nd Wave 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Millennium World 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Gadget " (ガジェット  Gajetto ) is an  archetype  of mostly  Level  4  Machine   monsters . There are two main groups of "Gadget" cards.
 
 Colored Gadgets: " Green Gadget ", " Red Gadget ", " Yellow Gadget ", " Gold Gadget ", and " Silver Gadget ". These cards are used by  Yugi Muto . They are also closely related to the " Ancient Gear " archetype in terms of support, as seen in cards such as " Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon ". 
 " Morphtronic " support: " Gadget Hauler ", " Gadget Driver ", and " Gadget Arms ". These cards are used by  Leo . 
 One other Gadget card, the " Gadget Soldier ", is used by  Seto Kaiba .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 
 1.1   Color 
 1.2   Morphtronic 
 
 
 2   Playing style 
 
 2.1   Main Deck monsters 
 2.2   Extra Deck monsters 
 
 
 3   Notes 
 4   Recommended cards 
 5   Weakness 
 
 
 Members 
 Color 
 
 
 Gadget 
 Trap Monster
 
 
 Platinum 
 
 
 Gold 
 Metalhold the Moving Blockade 
 
 
 Silver 
 
 
 Green 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 
 
 Red 
 
 
 Yellow 
 
 Morphtronic 
 
 
 Card 
 Origin
 
 
 Gadget Arms 
 Toy gun 
 
 
 Gadget Driver 
 Screwdriver 
 
 
 Gadget Hauler 
 Truck 
 
 
 Gadget Gamer 
 Gaming computer  /  laptop 
 
 Playing style 
 The most common way to play the "Gadget" archetype is to use it with " Machina " cards. A Machina Gadget Deck focuses on bringing out " Machina Fortress " on to the field, generating a constant stream of Gadget monsters through " Green ", " Red " and " Yellow Gadget ", maintaining advantage over the opponent. With the advent of " Gold " and " Silver Gadget ", the player can get another "Gadget" monster on to the field more quickly.
 
 Main Deck monsters 
 The most important monsters of the Deck is obviously the colored "Gadgets" since they can fill up your hand with another Level 4 "Gadget" and swarm the field.
 Some monsters that helps swarming further include: 
 
 " Kagetokage " and " Tin Goldfish ". The player can then Xyz Summon " Gear Gigant X " to add another "Gadget", " Machina Gearframe ", or " Tin Goldfish " from the Deck to the hand; alternatively, if using " Kagetokage ", they can Xyz summon " King of the Feral Imps " to retrieve another " Kagetokage ", ensuring they can Xyz summon another rank 4 monster next turn when combined with their constant supply of gadgets. 
 " Maxx C " lets you draw a card whenever they Special Summon a monster(s). 
 " Machina Megaform " can Tribute itself for " Machina Fortress ". 
 " Speedroid Menko " can help you to buy some time for setting up if there are no monsters on the field and you do not have any "Gadget" monsters in your hand. 
 " Jumbo Drill " can help the player go for a " Cyber Dragon Nova " or " Digvorzhak, King of Heavy Industry ". 
 Extra Deck monsters 
 The  Xyz Monsters  you should go into are:
 
 " Gear Gigant X ": This card can add 1 "Gadget" from your Deck to your hand. 
 " Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer ": You can  bounce  any card your opponent controls, thus disrupting their strategy 
 " Cyber Dragon Nova " -> " Cyber Dragon Infinity ": "Infinity" can be a good beater, also it can negate and destroy a card effect once per turn. 
 As for  Synchro Monsters , you can use " Turbo Synchron " and go for a " Stardust Spark Dragon " or " Ally of Justice Catastor ". 
 " Missus Radiant " can help boost the  ATK  of "Machina" monsters as well as add 1 EARTH monster from the  Graveyard  to your hand. " Proxy Dragon " helps protect a card you control from destruction by destroying a card it points to instead. " Tri-Gate Wizard " offers double battle damage and protection from effects, as well as removal of a potentially dangerous card.
 
 Notes 
 The "traffic light" Gadgets all have mist surrounding them matching the color of the card that searches them, and eye color and background gears matching the color of the card they search. 
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Red Gadget 
 Green Gadget 
 Yellow Gadget 
 Gold Gadget 
 Silver Gadget 
 Boot-Up Soldier - Dread Dynamo 
 Boot-Up Corporal - Command Dynamo 
 Boot-Up Admiral - Destroyer Dynamo 
 Machina Megaform 
 Machina Fortress 
 Machina Gearframe 
 Speedroid Menko 
 Maxx C 
 Tin Goldfish 
 Kagetokage 
 Jumbo Drill 
 Tuner monsters 
 Effect Veiler 
 Turbo Synchron  or  Unknown Synchron Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ally of Justice Catastor 
 Stardust Spark Dragon 
 Mist Wurm 
 Black Rose Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Daigusto Emeral 
 Gear Gigant X 
 Castel, the Skyblaster Musketeer 
 Fairy King Albverdich 
 Cyber Dragon Nova 
 Cyber Dragon Infinity 
 King of the Feral Imps 
 Digvorzhak, King of Heavy Industry 
 Heavy Armored Train Ironwolf 
 Link Monsters 
 Proxy Dragon 
 Missus Radiant 
 Tri-Gate Wizard Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Boot-Up Order - Gear Charge 
 Limiter Removal 
 Double Summon  or  Crashbug Road 
 Iron Call 
 Pot of Duality 
 Gravity Blaster 
 Machina Armored Unit 
 Soul Charge 
 Traps 
 Metalhold the Moving Blockade 
 Powerhold the Moving Battery 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 Metamorphortress 
 Statue of Anguish Pattern 
 Imperial Custom 
 Boot-Up Order - Gear Force 
 Call of the Haunted 
 Dark Bribe 
 Bottomless Trap Hole 
 Dimensional Prison 
 Waboku 
 Xyz Block 
 Weakness 
 While this Deck can be strong, cards like " System Down " and " Acid Rain " will destroy all three "Gadgets" and all " A-to-Z "  monsters. " Malfunction ", " Mystical Space Typhoon ", " Royal Decree ", and " Trap Reactor・Y FI " (which also inflicts burn damage) would prevent " Stronghold the Moving Fortress " from appearing in the field. Sliding cards like " Imperial Order " and " Imperial Custom " (try to get this card out instead) can counter these cards.
 
   
" Gadget " 「ガジェット」 Members 
 Ancient Gear Gadget Cyberse Gadget Gadget Arms Gadget Driver Gadget Gamer Gadget Hauler Gadget Soldier Gadget Token Gold Gadget Green Gadget Platinum Gadget Red Gadget Silver Gadget Yellow Gadget 
 Gadget Box 
 Support 
 Ancient Gear Gadget Ancient Gear Hydra Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon Boot-Up Admiral - Destroyer Dynamo Boot-Up Corporal - Command Dynamo Boot-Up Soldier - Dread Dynamo Gold Gadget Platinum Gadget Silver Gadget 
 Boot-Up Order - Gear Charge Powerhold the Moving Battery 
 Related 
 Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Chimera Ancient Gear Gadjiltron Dragon 
 Boot-Up Order - Gear Force Metalhold the Moving Blockade Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 
 v e 
" Gadget " 「ガジェット」 a   Members 
 Ancient Gear Gadget Cyberse Gadget Gadget Box Gadget Driver Gadget Hauler Gadget Soldier Gadget Token Gadget Token Gold Gadget Green Gadget Performachine Gadget Giant Red Gadget Silver Gadget Yellow Gadget 
 Support 
 Ancient Gear Gadget Ancient Gear Hydra Ancient Gear Reactor Dragon Metalhold the Moving Blockade 
 Related 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 
 v e 
 Gadget  ガジェット m   Members 
 Green Gadget Red Gadget Yellow Gadget 
 Related 
 Stronghold the Moving Fortress 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3d/AllOutAttacks-TF04-JP-VG.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120425191433']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Link Monster(s)