Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Impcantation


 
 Impcantation 
 魔神儀 「 デビリチャル 」  ( Debiricharu ) 
 
 
 
 
 Clockwise: " Impcantation Bookstone ", " Candoll ", " Talismandra ", and " Penciplume " summoning " Chalislime " in the artwork of " Impcantation Inception ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Deviritual 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Lutincantation 
 
 
 German 
 Mantrawichtel Translation:  Mantragnome 
 
 
 Italian 
 Impcantesimo 
 
 
 Korean 
 마신의   Masin-ui   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Diabretiço 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Diablihechizo 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Cybernetic Horizon Soul Fusion Savage Strike Dark Neostorm 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 2019 Gold Sarcophagus Tin Mega Pack Genesis Impact OTS Tournament Pack 18 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Impcantation ", known as " Deviritual " ( 魔神儀   Debiricharu ) in the  OCG , is an  archetype  of  LIGHT  and  DARK   monsters  with various  Types  that support  Ritual Summoning , which made its debut in  Cybernetic Horizon . With the exception of " Impcantation Chalislime " and " Crealtar, the Impcantation Originator ", all of its members are  Effect Monsters  with 0  ATK  and  DEF .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 
 1.1   Effect 
 1.2   Ritual 
 
 
 2   Playing style 
 3   Recommended cards 
 
 
 Members 
 Effect 
 
 
 Impcantation
 
 Adds
 
 From
 
 Origin
 
 
 Bookstone 
 
 Ritual Spell
 
 GY
 
 Spellbook  +  Stone 
 
 
 Candoll 
 
 Deck
 
 Candle  +  Doll 
 
 
 Penciplume 
 
 Ritual Monster
 
 GY
 
 Pencil  +  Plume 
 
 
 Talismandra 
 
 Deck
 
 Talisman  +  Mandragora 
 
 Ritual 
 
 
 Impcantation
 
 Special Summons
 
 From
 
 Origin
 
 
 Chalislime 
 
 Any Impcantation by discarding a card.
 
 Deck
 
 Chalice  +  Slime 
 
 
 Crealtar 
 
 Impcantations whose Levels equal 10 by discarding a card.
 
 GY
 
 Creator  +  Altar 
 
 Playing style 
 As mentioned above, the archetype largely exists to support Ritual Summoning decks, so it's hard to say too much about the playstyle of the archetype, as it largely depends in what Deck they are played in. The basis of their effects is to obtain  Ritual Monsters  when the player has  Ritual Spells , and vice versa. They therefore work well with other generic Ritual support like " Manju of the Ten Thousand Hands " in the event the player has neither a Ritual Spell or Ritual Monster.
 The basic effects of the 4 Effect Impcantations trigger when they are  Special Summoned  from the Deck. They then add a Ritual Monster/Spell to the hand from the Deck/GY (see above table). If one ends up in your hand, it can, by revealing a card of the type in would normally add, Special Summon itself from your hand and any other Impcantation from your Deck. These effects are exclusive hard  once-per turn  effects, so the player cannot use any effect of an Impcantation with the same name on the same turn either the reveal effect or the adding effect is used. Nonetheless, this is an incredible effect combination from a  card advantage  standpoint, being an almost unheard-of +2, all without Normal Summoning. This helps many Ritual Decks overcome the traditional Ritual weakness of poor card advantage (as unlike  Extra Deck  mechanics, Ritual Summoning does not end in a +1 from the Extra Deck, and the Ritual Spell requirement makes it worse still) by simply gaining mass plus-ing effects to compensate the loss of Ritual Summoning.
 They also make excellent Tribute fodder to help Summon the Ritual Monsters. As their Levels range from 3 to 6 and after their Summon the player will have two of them, their combined Levels make it easy to Summon any Ritual Monster from Levels 3-11. They are not designed to be left on the on the field however, as they have dismal ATK and DEF, as noted above, and they block their controller Summoning from the Extra Deck while they are on the field, an effect that also discourages non-Ritual Decks trying to use them. However, they can be Tributed for a Tribute Summon, especially for " Zaborg the Mega Monarch ", which will clear most Extra Decks of resources while allowing the player to use cards like " Herald of the Arc Light ". The player can also give the Impcantations to the opponent with cards like " Creature Swap " to impede their strategy.
 Finally, in  Savage Strike  a new element to the Impcantation theme was released: their own Ritual Monster and Ritual Spell card. " Impcantation Chalislime " is a Level 7 Ritual Monster that's main purpose is to once per turn reveal itself from your hand, then discard any card from your hand (itself included) to Summon an Impcantation from the Deck. This can be used to access any Impcantation without needing to use the effect of one in your hand, allowing you an extra search/recover that turn, but there is a LP cost to this if you don't Ritual Summon afterwards that turn (again discouraging non-Ritual Decks). It can also be Ritual Summoned to send an Impcantation from your hand or field to the GY to a destroy a face-up monster your opponent controls. While not especially powerful, this can be useful in an emergency, either to avoid the LP cost or to provide reinforcements at the crucial time.
 The Ritual Spell, " Impcantation Inception " is used to Ritual Summon any monster, not just "Chalislime", by Tributing Impcantations whose Levels equal or exceed the Level of the Summoned monster from hand or field. In this way it is similar to " Advanced Ritual Art ", but using Impcantations rather than Normal Monsters from the Deck. It can also once per turn add itself to your hand from the GY by sending any Impcantation from your hand or field to the GY and then Special Summon a replacement Impcantation from your Deck. This can be combined with "Chalislime" by using "Chalislime" to discard "Inception", then sending "Chalislime" to recover "Inception", getting two Impcantation effects off. By making the second Summoned monster be "Penciplume", you can even recover "Chalislime" to repeat this +3 combo every turn.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Impcantation Candoll 
 Impcantation Talismandra 
 Impcantation Bookstone 
 Impcantation Penciplume 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Chaos Dragon Levianeer 
 Darkest Diabolos, Lord of the Lair 
 Gale Dogra 
 Lonefire Blossom 
 Sangan 
 Sphere of Chaos 
 Spirit Sculptor 
 Umbramirage the Elemental Lord 
 Witch of the Black Forest 
 Zaborg the Mega Monarch 
 Tuner monsters 
 Chaos-End Master 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Impcantation Chalislime 
 Crealtar, the Impcantation Originator 
 Demise, King of Armageddon 
 Saffira, Queen of Dragons 
 Sauravis, the Ancient and Ascended 
 Vennu, Bright Bird of Divinity Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elder Entity N'tss 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Herald of the Arc Light 
 PSY-Framelord Omega 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Toadally Awesome 
 Link Monsters 
 Nephthys, the Sacred Flame Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Celestial Observatory 
 Creature Swap 
 Impcantation Inception 
 Impcantation Thanatosis 
 Dark Eruption 
 Extra-Foolish Burial 
 Sacred Sword of Seven Stars 
 Light of Redemption 
 Pot of Dichotomy 
 Preparation of Rites 
 Pre-Preparation of Rites 
 End of the World 
 Cycle of the World 
 Hymn of Light 
 Primal Cry 
 Red-Eyes Transmigration 
 Psi-Impulse 
 Recurring Nightmare 
 Ritual Cage 
 Samsara 
 Sprite's Blessing 
 Trial and Tribulation 
 Traps 
 Give and Take 
 Jar of Avarice 
 Renewal of the World 
 Ritual Buster 
 Trap Trick 
 Urgent Ritual Art 
   
" Impcantation " 「 魔神儀 」 Members 
 Crealtar, the Impcantation Originator Impcantation Bookstone Impcantation Candoll Impcantation Chalislime Impcantation Penciplume Impcantation Talismandra 
 Impcantation Inception Impcantation Thanatosis 
 Support 
 Crealtar, the Impcantation Originator Impcantation Bookstone Impcantation Candoll Impcantation Chalislime Impcantation Penciplume Impcantation Talismandra 
 Impcantation Inception Impcantation Thanatosis 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/fc/Impcantation.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20181014043418']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Ritual Monster(s)