Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Card_Appearances:Stop_Defense


 Stop Defense 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 Anime Anime Manga Manga Toei anime Yu-Gi-Oh! The Duelists of the Roses Yu-Gi-Oh! Forbidden Memories Yu-Gi-Oh! BAM Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters (video game) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters II: Dark duel Stories 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 2   Yu-Gi-Oh!  (NAS) 
 
 2.1   "Defense Paralysis" 
 2.2   "Stop Defense" 
 
 
 3   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 3.1   Anime 
 3.2   Manga 
 
 
 4   Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (Toei) 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! the Movie ,  Seto Kaiba  plays this card against  Yugi Mutou .  He activates this card to switch Yugi's " Meteor Dragon " from  Defense Position  into  Attack Position . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  (NAS) 
 "Defense Paralysis" 
 As "Defense Paralysis", this card had the following effect: 
 
 【 Continuous Trap Card 】 If your opponent  Summons / Sets  a  monster(s)  in  Defense Position , or if your opponent changes a monster(s) they  control  from  Attack Position  to Defense Position: Change all Defense Position monsters your opponent controls to Attack Position. Monsters changed to Attack Position by this effect cannot change their battle positions.
 
 
 In  episode 9 ,  Ghost Kaiba  uses this card during his Duel against  Yami Yugi . After Yugi switches " Dark Magician " and Normal Summons " Curse of Dragon " in Defense Position, Ghost Kaiba activates this card to switch Yugi's monsters to Attack Position. In  the next episode , this card remained on the field until the Duel was over. 
 In  episode 16 , this card can be seen in  Seto Kaiba 's briefcase when he takes out a Duel Disk from his briefcase and tosses it to  Joey Wheeler . 
 In  episode 26 , this card can be seen in Kaiba's briefcase when he takes a Duel Disk from his briefcase and tosses it to  Maximillion Pegasus . 
 In  episode 53 , this card appears on a poster that Yugi and  Téa Gardner  read when they find a game store selling Duel Monster cards. 
 In  episode 99 , this card appears when Yami Yugi was building his Virtual World Deck for his Duel against  Gansley . 
 "Stop Defense" 
 In  episode 18 ,  Bonz   Sets  this card during his Duel against Joey, but did not play it. Before setting it, he actually revealed what the card was. Shortly after setting it, Bonz then explained what its effect does as a warning to Joey. This in turn forced Joey to play his monsters in Attack Position for the remainder of the Duel. 
 In  episode 31 ,  Bandit Keith  uses this card during his Duel against Joey. He uses this card to switch Joey's Set " Axe Raider " to Attack Position. 
 In  episode 32 , this card appears in a flashback that Pegasus sees in Keith's mind. After Keith passes out in a bar, he drops his cards. This card can be seen among the dropped cards. 
 In  episode 42 ,  Rebecca Hawkins  uses this card during her Duel against  Yugi Muto . She uses this card to switch Yugi's Set "Dark Magician" to Attack Position. 
 In  episode 51 , Bandit Keith uses this card during his Duel against Yugi while the former was possessed by  Marik Ishtar . He uses this card to switch Yugi's Set " Koumori Dragon " to Attack Position. 
 In  episode 99 , this card appears when  Yami Yugi  was building his Virtual World Deck for his Duel against  Gansley . 
 In  episode 106 , this card can be seen when  Duke Devlin ,  Tristan Taylor , and  Serenity Wheeler  were building their Virtual World Decks for their Duel against  Nezbitt . 
 In  episode 108 , this card can be seen when  Seto Kaiba  was building his Virtual World Deck for his Duel against  Leichter . 
 In  episode 109 , this card appears in a flashback  Leichter  has when he explains to Seto that his treachery began when  Gozaburo Kaiba  gave him a large amount of dollars to test Seto's business skills. 
 In  episode 116 , this card appears in a flashback Kaiba has when he notes that he remembers that he promised to be a father to Mokuba and protect him no matter what. He didn't treat Mokuba well initially when he threw him out, but he did that so that no matter what happened to him, Mokuba would still have a family. 
 In  episode 133 , this card is shown when Joey dreams he is dueling a kid in the finals of a tournament. The kid uses this card to switch Joey's " Hero of the East " to Attack Position. 
 In  episode 137 , Kaiba uses this card during his Duel against Joey. He uses this card to switch " Hayabusa Knight " to Attack Position. 
 In  episode 148 , this card is seen in  Rex Raptor 's fantasy when he thinks the reason why  Maximillion Pegasus  invited  Yugi Muto  and his friends was because he wanted to give them rare cards just for them. 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Anime 
 In  episode 157 , two copies of this card can be seen in the Duel Shop. 
 In  episode 168 ,  Taigo Sorano  uses this card during his Duel against  Jaden Yuki . He uses this card to switch one of Jaden's two " Fluff Tokens " to  Attack Position . After " Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 " attacks and destroys the Attack Position Fluff Token, Taigo activates " Sealer Formation " and intends to use its effect to add this card from his Graveyard to his hand on his next Draw Phase so that he could use it to switch either " Cross Porter " or the remaining Fluff Token into Attack Position and win the duel by attacking the affected monster with "Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8". Taigo didn't get the chance to do so as Jaden beats him before then. 
 Manga 
 In  chapter 26 ,  Syrus Truesdale  plays this card against  Chazz Princeton , switching " Red Wyrm " to  Attack Position . 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 In  Ride 6 ,  Jack Atlas  plays this card against  Yusei Fudo , switching " Scar Warrior " to  Attack Position . 
 
 
 
Categories: Card Appearances