Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_054


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 054 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 この町は、バトルシティとなる！ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kono Machi wa, Batoru Shiti Tonaru! 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 This City Will Become Battle City! 
 
 
 English 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 
 
 Number 
 054 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 May 8, 2001 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 30, 2002 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " S H U F F L E " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " The Afternoon of that Day " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Theme  (airing on TV) Season Two theme  (on DVD)" 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Shin Yoshida 
 
 
 Director 
 Takao Iwai 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Hatsuki Tsuji 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Takahiro Kagami 
 
 
 Art director 
 Mitsuharu Miyamae 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Steppin' Out " 
 " Stalked by the Rare Hunters " 
 
 
 
 
 " Obelisk the Tormentor ", known as " This City Will Become Battle City! " in the Japanese version, is the fifty-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . It first aired in Japan on May 8, 2001, and in the United States on November 30, 2002.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Seto Kaiba vs. Duel Machine 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Mistakes 
 5   Trivia 
 6   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 That evening,  Yami Yugi  and Téa visit the Domino Museum, where they find a stone tablet depicting between a battle between a Pharaoh and a high-ranking Priest. One looks like Yugi while the other looks like  Kaiba . They are then greeted by  Ishizu Ishtar , holder of the  Millennium Necklace . She introduces herself as one of the tribe which, along 3,000 years, have been protecting the Pharaoh's memories. She explains about the power of her Millennium Necklace and that she can see the beginning of a new battle. She tells Yami that, he came to the Museum of his own will and, in doing so, chose the Fate of fighting. If he wants to get his memories back, there's no other choice but to gather the 7  Millennium Items . Yami, suspicious, questions on which side she is on. Ishizu calmly replies that she isn't Yami's foe, but that she can see a man wielding a new Item who will show up soon enough in front of Yami. She adds that Yami's battle is for the sake of gaining his memories back and that his Fate will be set in motion soon enough. The rest is for Yami to confirm with his own eyes. 
 Meanwhile, Seto is at the  KaibaCorp  headquarters testing out his new  Duel Disks . He faces a  Duel Computer  that is using the same Deck he used at  Duelist Kingdom . Although the machine manages to Summon all three copies of " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " and fuse them to form " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon ", Seto  Tributes  three of his monsters to Summon his  Egyptian God  Card, " Obelisk the Tormentor ", then Tribute his other two monsters to use its effect, destroying all of the Duel Machine's monsters and wiping out the rest of its  Life Points  (and overloading the system as well). 
 On the streets, Yami and Téa encounter  Mai Valentine , who has shown up for the announcement for the upcoming tournament. They spot old rivals including  Rex Raptor ,  Weevil Underwood  and  Mako Tsunami , as well as new Duelists such as  Espa Roba , a boy claiming to have psychic powers. Just then, Seto appears on every television screen in the city, announcing his new  Battle City  tournament, which will start in one week. Duelists must have the new  Duel Disks  to enter it. In each Duel, the winner will receive the loser's Rarest Card. Meanwhile, the holder of the  Millennium Rod  becomes aware of the tournament and sends his  Rare Hunters  out to Duel and win Rare Cards for him.
 
 Featured Duel: Seto Kaiba vs. Duel Machine 
 Turn 1: Duel Machine 
Duel Machine draws. It then  Sets  a  monster .
 Turn 2: Kaiba 
 Kaiba  draws "Battle Ox". He then  Sets  a card and  Normal Summons  " Battle Ox " (1700/1000) in  Attack Position . "Battle Ox"  attacks  and destroys Duel Machine's  Set   monster , " Cyber Jar " (900/900). 
 The Flip Effect of "Cyber Jar" then activates,  destroying  every  monster  on the  field  and forcing both Duelists to  pick up  five cards from the top of their  Decks  and  Special Summon  or  Set  any  Level  4 or below  monster  they find onto the  field . The remaining picked up cards are added to the players' hands. The Duel Machine  Sets  two  monsters  while  Kaiba   Sets  a  monster  and  Special Summons  " Maha Vailo " (1550/1400), " Dark Zebra " (1800/400), " Boar Soldier " (2000/500), and " Hitotsu-Me Giant " (1200/1000) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 3: Duel Machine 
 
       Blue-Eyes White Dragon     
 Duel Machine draws. It then  Tributes  both of its  Set   monsters , " Aqua Madoor " (1200/2000) and " Wall of Illusion " (1000/1850) in order to  Tribute Summon  " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. On the End Phase, the Duel Machine discards two cards as it exceeds the hand size limit.
 Turn 4: Kaiba 
 Kaiba  draws. He then Tributes "Hitotsu-Me Giant" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Dragon Seeker " (2000/2100) in  Defense Position . When this monster is switched from face-up Defense Position to Attack Position, Kaiba can destroy one Dragon-type monster on the field. He intends to use the  effect  of "Dragon Seeker" on the following turn.
 Turn 5: Duel Machine 
Duel Machine draws. It then  Sets  a card and  Normal Summons  " Lord of Dragons " (1200/1100) in  Attack Position . Due to the  effect  of "Lord of D.", it can  negate  any  effect  that  targets   Dragon - Type   monsters .
 Turn 6: Kaiba 
 Seto  switches "Maha Vailo", "Dark Zebra", and "Boar Soldier" to  Defense Position .
 Turn 7: Duel Machine 
Duel Machine draws. It then  activates  " The Flute of Summoning Dragon " to  Special Summon  two "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" from its hand (3000/2500 for both) in  Attack Position . The Duel Machine then  activates  its face-down " Polymerization " to fuse all three "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" together and  Fusion Summon  " Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon " (4500/3800) in  Attack Position . Under  Battle City Rules ,  Fusion Monsters  cannot attack the same turn they are  Summoned , so the Duel Machine ends its turn. (NOTE: In the real game, this delay does not exist.)
 Turn 8: Kaiba 
 Kaiba  draws "Obelisk the Tormentor". He then  Tributes  "Boar Soldier", "Dragon Seeker", and his  Set   monster  (" D.D. Warrior ") in order to  Tribute Summon  " Obelisk the Tormentor " (4000/4000) in  Attack Position . Kaiba then  activates  the first effect of "Obelisk the Tormentor" to make its ATK and DEF infinite by Tributing "Dark Zebra" and "Maha Vailo". "Obelisk the Tormentor" attacks and destroys "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon" (Duel Machine 4000 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the dub, at the top of the stairs leading to the museum's basement, the glowing yellow eye forms on  Yami Yugi 's forehead, but doesn't seem to be there at a side view of  Téa  looking sideways at him before they go down. It has definitely disappeared at a full close-up view of him and Téa when they reach the room. However, the eye never appears on his head in the original. 
 In the dub, since Yami already knows that he comes from ancient Egypt, he does not learn that in the English version. However, Yami knows absolutely nothing in the Japanese version until he sees the tablet and learns this and most of everything else from the dub's same episode (except his substitute "name" of Yami). 
 He learns in the dub he was once a pharaoh from  Ishizu Ishtar , who calls him King Yami before leaving him, but in the original, Yami understands by himself quite a bit in his mind and reveals what information he deciphered to Téa/Anzu before Ishizu appears, and she does not name him. 
 Both versions show Yami recognizing Ishizu's necklace/tauk as a Millennium Item, but in the dub he doesn't seem to worry, while in the original, he is at first suspicious of it and asks if she is his enemy or ally. 
 The safeguards turned off and mentioning of Kaiba's high injury risk wasn't in the original Japanese version. 
 Cut from the dub is a shot of Mai cheerfully strangling Téa, including a shot of Téa's face turning blue. 
 The Japanese machine dueling Kaiba has a deep, male voice, but the English dub's robot had a female voice. 
 In the dub when Kaiba is able to drew Obelisk the Tormentor, he acts as if he knew he would draw it. In the Japanese, he is "risking everything as a duelist" on that draw. 
 In the Japanese, Yami tells Téa not to tell Yugi, who doesn't know about their museum visit, anything about the tablet or what Ishizu had said so that Yugi won't worry about him, mainly in getting his memories back, while in the dub Yugi seems to know about their trip to the museum. 
 Mistakes 
 When the duel bot summons "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon", the card on the duel bot is "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" instead of "Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon". 
 Despite Kaiba declaring to Set a card in the  Spell & Trap Card Zone , the card appears as a  Set  " D.D. Warrior " on the  Duel Disk  when " Battle Ox " is summoned. 
 In the dub, when Cyber Jar is attacked and revealed, its DEF is shown at 1000 instead of 900. 
 In the original, when Battle Ox is Summoned, the graphic shows it with 900 DEF. 
 In the original, when Kaiba plays " Dragon Seeker ", it's shown as a Level 4 monster when he's clearly Tribute Summoning it. 
 Trivia 
 It's mentioned by the techs running the Duel simulation that all the safeties have been turned off. This would explain why attacks from holographic monsters have much more effects on the players, even though the creatures aren't real. It could also explain why the God Cards cause serious harm. 
 Kaiba is shown to be using a new Deck with "Obelisk" in it against his old one. Later episodes suggest that he merged the best cards from both Decks so he could have his "Blue-Eyes White Dragons" and "Obelisk". 
 This episode marks the first time Kaiba wears his Battle City outfit, which would become his standard outfit for the rest of the series. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Duel Machine Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Aqua Madoor 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Cyber Jar 
 Lord of D. 
 Wall of Illusion Fusion Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Polymerization  ( Alternate version  in the dubs ) 
 The Flute of Summoning Dragon 
 
 Seto Kaiba Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Ox 
 Hitotsu-Me Giant 
 Effect Monsters 
 Boar Soldier 
 D.D. Warrior 
 Dark Zebra 
 Dragon Seeker 
 Maha Vailo 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 
 Yugi Muto/Yami Yugi Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Dark Magician 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Obelisk the Tormentor 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 1 " #051 " The Mystery Duelist, Part 2 " #052 " The Past is Present " #053 " Steppin' Out " #054 " Obelisk the Tormentor " #055 " Stalked by the Rare Hunters " #056 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 1 " #057 " Yugi vs. The Rare Hunter, Part 2 " #058 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 1 " #059 " Espa Roba - The ESP Duelist, Part 2 " #060 " The Master of Magicians, Part 1 " #061 " The Master of Magicians, Part 2 " #062 " The Master of Magicians, Part 3 " #063 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 1 " #064 " Playing with a Parasite, Part 2 " #065 " Mime Control, Part 1 " #066 " Mime Control, Part 2 " #067 " Mime Control, Part 3 " #068 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 1 " #069 " Legendary Fisherman, Part 2 " #070 " Double Duel, Part 1 " #071 " Double Duel, Part 2 " #072 " Double Duel, Part 3 " #073 " Double Duel, Part 4 " #074 " The Rescue " #075 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 1 " #076 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 2 " #077 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 3 " #078 " Friends 'Til the End, Part 4 " #079 " Shadow of a Duel " #080 " Lights, Camera, Duel " #081 " Let the Finals Begin! " #082 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 1 " #083 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 2 " #084 " The Dark Spirit Revealed, Part 3 " #085 " Rage of the Egyptian Gods " #086 " Awakening of Evil, Part 1 " #087 " Awakening of Evil, Part 2 " #088 " Awakening of Evil, Part 3 " #089 " Awakening of Evil, Part 4 " #090 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 1 " #091 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 2 " #092 " Mind Game: Mai Vs. Marik, Part 3 " #093 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 1 " #094 " A Duel with Destiny: Kaiba Vs. Ishizu, Part 2 " #095 " The Tomb-Keeper's Secret " #096 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 1 " #097 " Showdown in the Shadows, Part 2 " 
 
 
 << S1 
 S3 >>  •   S4 >>  •   S5 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Yugioh_episode_54.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20171126171007', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/02/DM-054_Blue-Eyes_White_Dragon.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20110916225101']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes