Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Blackbird


 
 
 
 Blackbird
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name
 
 
 Blackbird
 
 
 
 Japanese name
 
 
 ブラック・バード
 
 
 
 Rōmaji name
 
 
 Burakkubādo
 
 
 
 English name  (Asia) 
 
 
 Black Bird
 
 
 
 Use
 
 
 Turbo Dueling 
 Transport 
 Blackbird Delivery 
 
 
 Creator(s)
 
 
   Robert Pearson 
 
 
 
 Owner(s)
 
 
   Robert Pearson   Crow Hogan 
 
 
 Blackbird  is  Crow Hogan 's  Duel Runner , which he inherited from  Robert Pearson . Inspired by the legend connected with the  Daedalus Bridge , the Duel Runner has a set of retractable wings.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   History 
 2   Features 
 3   Video games 
 4   References 
 
 
 History 
 The Duel Runner originally belonged to  Robert Pearson . As Pearson died in a fire (sent to the netherworld in the dub), he asked Crow to take the Duel Runner, rather than let it get destroyed too.
 Crow used the  Blackbird  in many  Turbo Duels , and later sets up a delivery service with it called  Blackbird Delivery .
 The Blackbird used by  Crow  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  is similar to the one used on the  World Racing Grand Prix . The only difference is the Team 5D's logo missing and features the holographic technology seen in the Duel Runners in ARC-V. [1]  Much like in 5D's, it has a flight mode. [2] 
 
 Features 
       Flight mode.     
 The  Blackbird  is capable of transforming into a flight mode, where it unfolds its wings and is propelled forward by jets on its rear. Its kickstand at the bottom also serves as a retractable grappling claw to help gain extra leverage for non-propelled flight, which saves Crow from falling off the dueling circuit during the fight against  Greiger . 
 To some degree it is capable of emitting a small electric shock to unauthorized handlers.
 Just like the Duel Runners used by Yusei and Jack, it is also a hybrid model, where the duel platform can separate from the bike and function as a  Duel Disk . When Crow puts the Blackbird Disk in, the blade folds up into an upside-down horseshoe shape.
 It contains a tracking device, so that Crow can tell when it is nearby, by detecting its signal on his  Duel Disk .
 A small box for items is later added to the back, which Crow uses for  Blackbird Delivery .
 The  Blackbird  contained the " Black-Winged Dragon " card in a hidden compartment. However, a password was needed to unlock this compartment. This compartment was completely unknown to Crow prior to his Turbo Duel against  Bolton .
 Crow wears two different helmets while riding the Blackbird; a silver helmet with goggles for delivery use, and a black helmet for all other purposes.
 
 Video games 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2010: Reverse of Arcadia , the  Blackbird  frame can be obtained by gathering all other frames.
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2011: Over the Nexus , the  Blackbird  frame can be obtained by S-ranking  Battle Royal  mode on all difficulties.
 
 References 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 057: " Super Duelists " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 088: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 
 v e 
 Duel Runners Duel Runners 
 Named 
 The Beast 
 Blackbird 
 Bloody Kiss 
 Deep Fissure Alpha 
 Deep Fissure Beta 
 Deep Fissure Gamma 
 Delta Eagle 
 Destiny Clown 
 Giganto L 
 Machine Day Breaker 
 Monoceros 
 Omega Hawk 
 Phoenix Whirlwind  ( Wheel of Fortune ) 
 Sturm und Drang 
 Terrible Omen  ( T 666 ) 
 Trinidart Ouroboros 
 Valhallander 
 Yusei Go 
 Other 
 Carly's 
 Goodwin's (anime) 
 Goodwin's (manga) 
 Greiger's second 
 Hunter's 
 Leo's 
 Leo's ( Wheelie Breakers ) 
 Luna's 
 Paradox's 
 Sector Security's 
 Yusei's first 
 
 Duel Boards 
 Leo's 
 Lester's 
 Luna's 
 Similar items 
 D-Horse 
 Pursuit Bot 
 Related 
 Duel Runner scrapyard 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Robert Pearson 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2b/Blackbird.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20090912062014', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a7/Backbird-Flightmode.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081029213011']
Categories: Duel Runners