Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_144


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 144 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 発動！究極封印解放儀式術 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hatsudō! Kyūkyoku Fūinkaihō Gishikijutsu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Activate! Ultimate Unsealing Ritual Technique 
 
 
 English 
 The Forbidden Ritual, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 144 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 July 11, 2007 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 May 17, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Teardrop ティアドロップ" 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Sun 太陽" 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 [[Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude|]] 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " What Lies Beneath, Part 3 " 
 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 "The Forbidden Ritual, Part 1" , known as  "Activate! Ultimate Unsealing Ritual Technique"  in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and forty-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on July 11, 2007 and in the US on May 17, 2008.
 As  Jaden  recovers, his small group of remaining companions continue on.  Adrian  reveals himself after a long absence and intends to sacrifice his childhood friend  Echo  to release the spirit of  Exodia .  Aster  opposes him.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Aster Phoenix vs. Adrian Gecko 
 3   Mistakes in the English dub 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Jaden  is freed from the influence of the  The Supreme King , but at a great cost. His only remaining companions are  Syrus ,  Ojama Yellow ,  Aster  and  Zane . Jaden is sleeping it off and wakes up screaming as he remembers his  Duels  with  Jim  and  Axel . He questions where they are, realizing they're gone - defeated by his own hands. Aster tells him to calm down and reveals that  Jesse  is still alive, so Jaden needs to focus on locating and saving his friend. Jaden responds that at this point, he doesn't deserve to be anyone's friend. Jaden then passes out again (It's revealed that he has a high fever and implied that he's under the influence of Professor Viper's words).
 Elsewhere,  Adrian Gecko  is in a cave, holding the five  Exodia  cards he received from  Marcel  while the latter was still possessed by  Yubel  (the English dub still features the original Japanese cards, text and all). Adrian determines that he will have to fight Yubel for control of this dimension and believes he can win if he unlocks Exodia's seal and makes it his servant. He also realizes that to break the seal, he needs a sacrifice. He reveals that Yubel's  Devil Arm  has been transplanted onto his own, as his current power is only a result of his deal with Yubel.
 Aster thumbs through Jaden's Deck and sees the " Super Polymerization " card and is confused as to how it got there - as it was not there the last time he checked. Zane comments that he would have liked to Duel The Supreme King and explains that he came here seeking his ultimate opponent. Aster wants to help Jaden find Jesse, as Aster feels he is indebted to Jaden, since the latter aided in saving Aster's own friend -  Sartorius . In the canyon below them,  Dr. Crowler  and  Echo  are being chased by a pack of " Abare Ushionis ". They are saved when Zane and Aster Summon " Cyber Dragon " and " Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude " respectively. Crowler and Echo begin traveling with the rest of the group.
 
       The picture of Adrian in Echo's locket.     
 That night, Aster returns a locket Echo had dropped to her - one with Adrian Gecko's picture. He questions whether she's here to save Adrian. She replies that she's not - she knows Adrian will rule this dimension, without  his brother  and the rest of his family to hold him back. A deep fog gathers, and the whole group is suddenly transported into a cave, where they meet Adrian, who reveals that he was not left behind in the other dimension - he chose to stay. Jaden questions whether he's seen Jesse, but Adrian replies he hasn't. He reveals that in order to become King, he needs to sacrifice Echo's life. Aster steps in, wishing to save Echo and challenges Adrian to a Duel.
 The Duel begins, and Adrian's strategy seems to consist of playing defense and reinforcing his hand. Eventually, Aster realizes that he may be trying to complete Exodia, and blocks this strategy by playing " Force of Four ". At this point, Adrian's hand consisted of four Exodia pieces and a  Spell Card  - and he had just moved the fifth piece to the top of his deck after his " Deep Diver " was destroyed. However, the Spell Card he discarded was " Ritual of the Ultimate Forbidden Lord ", which lets him  Special Summon  " Exodios the Ultimate Forbidden Lord ". However, he must sacrifice someone he loves in order to break the seal. Echo willingly steps forward to be sacrificed.
 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Featured Duel: Aster Phoenix vs. Adrian Gecko 
 Turn 1: Adrian 
Adrian draws " Vortex Trooper " and subsequently Normal Summons it (0/600) in  Defense Position . Adrian then activates "Vortex Trooper's" effect to return 2 cards in his  hand  to his  Deck  and draw two new cards.
 Turn 2: Aster 
Aster draws " Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1400/1600) in  Attack Position . Aster then  activates  the effect of "Diamond Dude" to reveal the top card of his Deck. If the card is a  Normal Spell Card , he can send it to the Graveyard and activate its effect during his next turn's Main Phase; if the card is not a Normal Spell Card, the card will go to the bottom of Aster's Deck. Aster reveals " Destiny Draw ", so it is sent to the Graveyard. "Diamond Dude" attacks and destroys "Vortex Trooper". Since "Vortex Trooper" was destroyed, its second effect activates, letting Adrian draw a card. Aster  sets  two cards.
 Turn 3: Adrian 
Adrian draws. He then Normal Summons " Deep Diver " (1000/1100) in Defense Position and sets a card.
 Turn 4: Aster 
Aster draws. Through the effect of "Diamond Dude", Aster activates the effect of "Destiny Draw" to draw two cards (" Destiny Hero - Disk Commander " and " Clock Tower Prison "). Aster then activates the effect of "Diamond Dude" and he reveals his top card as " Doctor D ", so it is sent to the Graveyard. Aster then Normal Summons " Destiny Hero - Dunker " (1200/1700) in  Attack Position . He then activates the effect of "Destiny Hero - Dunker" to send "Destiny Hero - Disk Commander" from his hand to the Graveyard and inflict 500 damage to Adrian (Adrian 4000 → 3500).
 Aster then activates "Clock Tower Prison". He then activates his two face-down " Eternal Dread ", which gives "Clock Tower Prison" four  Clock Counters  (each "Eternal Dread" gives "Clock Tower Prison" two Clock Counters). Aster then activates " Mystical Space Typhoon " to destroy "Clock Tower Prison". Since "Clock Tower Prison" was destroyed while it had four  Clock Counters , its final effect activates, letting Aster  Special Summon  " Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster " (?/?) in  Attack Position . 
 Since "Dreadmaster" was Special Summoned through the effect of "Clock Tower Prison", its first effect activates, letting Aster Special Summon "Destiny Hero - Disk Commander" (300/300) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Since "Disk Commander" was Special Summoned from the Graveyard its effect activates, letting Aster draw two cards. Since "Dreadmaster" was Special Summoned, none of Aster's Destiny Heroes can be destroyed this turn and Aster will take no Battle Damage when they battle. Due to the last effect of "Dreadmaster", its original ATK and DEF become equal to the original ATK of all other Destiny Heroes that Aster controls ("Dreadmaster": ? → 2900/? → 2900).
 "Destiny Hero - Dunker" attacks and destroys "Deep Diver". "Disk Commander" and "Diamond Dude" attack  directly  (Adrian 3500 → 3200 → 1800). "Dreadmaster" attacks directly, but Adrian activates his face-down " Dimensional Prison " to  remove  "Dreadmaster" from play. At the end of the Battle Phase, the effect of "Deep Diver" activates, letting Adrian place a card from his Deck on top of his Deck. 
 Aster then activates " Force of Four ". Upon activation, the first effect of "Force of Four" activates, forcing both players that have more than four cards in their hand to send cards from their hand to the Graveyard until they have exactly four cards in his hand; Adrian has five cards in his hand, so he sends one card in his hand to the Graveyard (" Ritual of the Ultimate Forbidden Lord ") while Aster sends no cards in his hand to the Graveyard as he currently has three cards in his hand. Due to the second effect of "Force of Four", while either player has four cards in their hand, if they draw a card(s) during their Draw Phase or activate an effect that would add a new card(s) from their Deck or Graveyard to their hand, they must send all those cards to the Graveyard instead. 
 Turn 5: Adrian 
Adrian draws " Exodia the Forbidden One ". Due to the effect of " Force of Four ", he must send it to the Graveyard. [Notes 1]  Adrian then activates the effect of "Ritual of the Ultimate Forbidden Lord" from his Graveyard. On this note,  Echo  steps toward Adrian, agreeing to offer her life force in exchange for Adrian's victory.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Mistakes in the English dub 
 When  Adrian  looks at the " Exodia " cards, they were shown to have their original Japanese text and artwork, though a moment later, in the flashback, they are correct. 
 " Destiny Hero - Dunker " was shown with 1100 ATK printed on the card, when its actual original ATK is 1200. The correct number was shown when it was Summoned. 
 When Aster used the effect of " Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude " to activate " Destiny Draw ", "Diamond Dude" was called "Destiny Dude". 
 Aster calls " Dimensional Prison " a  Counter Trap Card , when it is a  Normal Trap Card . 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Flashbacks Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Effect Monsters 
 Evil Hero Infernal Gainer 
 Gaia Plate the Earth Giant 
 Volcanic Doomfire Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Evil Hero Malicious Fiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Sacred Defense Barrier 
 Super Polymerization 
 
 Aster Phoenix Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude 
 Destiny Hero - Disk Commander 
 Destiny Hero - Dreadmaster 
 Destiny Hero - Dunker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Clock Tower Prison 
 Destiny Draw 
 Doctor D 
 Force of Four 
 Mystical Space Typhoon 
 Traps 
 Eternal Dread  x2 
 
 Adrian Gecko Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Left Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Left Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Right Arm of the Forbidden One 
 Right Leg of the Forbidden One 
 Effect Monsters 
 Deep Diver 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Vortex Trooper Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ritual of the Ultimate Forbidden Lord 
 Traps 
 Dimensional Prison 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Card Trooper 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Dandylion 
 Necro Gardna 
 Neo-Spacian Air Hummingbird 
 Neo-Spacian Glow Moss Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Convert Contact 
 Fifth Hope 
 NEX 
 Super Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Hero Signal 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   The given Japanese text of " Force of Four " contradicts this as the "sending to the Graveyard" only applies for cards added from the Deck/Graveyard to the hand  by a card effect . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 3 episodes 
 #105 " Third Time's A Charm " #106 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 1 " #107 " A Jewel of A Duel: Part 2 " #108 " Hanging with Axel: Part 1 " #109 " Hanging with Axel: Part 2 " #110 " Primal Instinct " #111 " Head in the Clouds: Part 1 " #112 " Head in the Clouds: Part 2 " #113 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 1 " #114 " Win Mr. Stein's Duel, Part 2 " #115 " Trapper Keeper, Part 1 " #116 " Trapper Keeper, Part 2 " #117 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 1 " #118 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 2 " #119 " A Snake in the Grass, Part 3 " #120 " Inter-Dimension Detention " #121 " Sub-Desert Duel " #122 " Night of the Living Duelist " #123 " School Ghoul Duels " #124 " Triple Play, Part 1 " #125 " Triple Play, Part 2 " #126 " Return of the Sacred Beasts " #127 " Breaking of the Sacred Seal " #128 " A Dimensional Duel " #129 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 1 " #130 " Unleashing the Dragon, Part 2 " #131 " All for One " #132 " A New World Order " #133 " Friend or Fiend " #134 " Dueling With the Dark Army " #135 " Turning the Page, Part 1 " #136 " Turning the Page, Part 2 " #137 " The State of Syrus " #138 " The Darkness Revealed " #139 " A Sight Unseen, Part 1 " #140 " A Sight Unseen, Part 2 " #141 " What Lies Beneath, Part 1 " #142 " What Lies Beneath, Part 2 " #143 " What Lies Beneath, Part 3 " #144 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 1 " #145 " The Forbidden Ritual, Part 2 " #146 " Conquering the Past, Part 1 " #147 " Conquering the Past, Part 2 " #148 " Conquering the Past, Part 3 " #149 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 1 " #150 " The Ultimate Face-Off, Part 2 " #151 " The Power Within, Part 1 " #152 " The Power Within, Part 2 " #153 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 1 " #154 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 2 " #155 " Return of the Supreme King, Part 3 " #156 " Judai Revived!? A Brand New Journey " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2 
 S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/Series144.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121028040238', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1e/Echo%27s_locket.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121028035714', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes