Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_094


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 094 
 
 
 
 
 " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " is equipped with " Soul Fist ". 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 魂を刻んだ右腕 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tamashii o Kizanda Migiude 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Right Arm that Carved Souls 
 
 
 English 
 Road Rage: Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 094 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 21, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 25, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Trump Card " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Speaking " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Mitsutaka Hirota 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Yuya Kawamura 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Road Rage: Part 1 " 
 " Martial Law " 
 
 
 
 
 " Road Rage: Part 2 ", known as " The Right Arm that Carved Souls " in the Japanese version, is the ninety-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on February 21, 2016 and in Australia on November 25, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on February 28, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu (US) on January 2018. 
 As  Jack  and  Sergey ’s intense Duel continues,  New Domino City  has fallen into chaos. Sergey pushes Jack into a corner, while  Yuya  and the  others  manage to reach the  Sector Security  Headquarters, where  Zuzu  is being held.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jack Atlas vs. Sergey Volkov 
 3   Differences in Adaptation 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
 Jack  stands on 3700  LP  while the  ATK  of " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " has been reduced to 2700.  Sergey  declares his turn and draws, using the red spikes on his transformed  Duel Runner 's wheel spike to grasp the card in his  Wrist Dealer . With 1000 LP he speeds forwards and he grabs another  Action Card  as narrated by  Melissa Trail . Sergey activates the effect of the  Field Spell Card  " Earthbound Tundra ",  banishing  the Action Card to inflict 300 damage and reduce the ATK of a monster by 300. The phantom hands appear above the track again and Jack falls to 3400 LP, while "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" falls to 2400 ATK as they both glow red. Sergey gets another Action Card and banishes it, reducing Jack and "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" to 3100 LP and 2100 ATK respectively. Melissa cries that Jack is taking more and more damage and Sergey observes that Jack isn't reacting to the repeated damage at all, calling it boring. He begins gouging the track with his spikes, much to Melissa's irritation as she protests that they'll have to use it after this. Jack coolly dodges the debris and gouges and the watching  Commons  protest that Sergey's tactic is cheap as they realize that Jack is being cornered but Sergey, while  Shinji ,  Damon  and  Tony  watch silently. 
 
       Sergey  blocks the  Phoenix Whirlwind .     
 A piece of debris strikes Jack in the shoulder and he scowls. Sergey smiles upon seeing a reaction from Jack and he returns his attention to the course; his cybernetic eye alerting him to the presence of an Action Card. Melissa cries that there are more Action Cards ahead; Jack is in danger of taking more damage. Jack accelerates and uses the side walls to make a jump, but Sergey tracks his movements and comments that it's like Jack isn't even moving (in the dub, he vows not to let Jack pass him),  before smacking the  Phoenix Whirlwind  aside. Jack lands and spins as he struggles to maintain control and Melissa laments that Jack has been denied his way out of this hopeless situation. Sergey catches the Action Card and banishes it with the effect of "Earthbound Tundra", reducing Jack and "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" to 2800 LP and 1800 ATK respectively as Jack calls Sergey a fool. The Commons are shocked that Jack's jump was stopped and as  Gong  helps  Yuya  through the crowd he notes that it looks like Jack can't make it to the front. Yuya notes that if this continues then Jack's LP will be whittled away. In the  Duel Palace , one of the  Topsiders  feels a raindrop and she looks up to see rain falling from the sky.
 Roget  laughs, commenting that the hope of  New Domino City  will crumble away into nothing as it is tragically warped into despair.  Zuzu  asks what will be left if that happens and Roget explains that there will be a new hope. Zuzu asks what he means and Roget explains that he, Jean-Michel Roget, will be New Domino City's new hope (the scene with Zuzu's question and Roget's response is cut from the dub).
 Sergey banishes another Action Card with the effect of "Earthbound Tundra", and the phantom hands appear again to reduce Jack to 2500 LP and the ATK of "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" to 1500. Sergey then activates the  Spell Card  " Earthbound Rescue " from his hand, allowing him to add an " Earthbound " monster and a Spell Card from his  Graveyard  to his hand. Returning " Earthbound Prisoner Stone Sweeper " and " Harmonic Synchro Fusion " to his hand, Sergey immediately  Special Summons  the former since a Field Spell Card is face-up on the field. Then he Summons the  Tuner monster  " Earthbound Prisoner Ground Keeper " from his hand. He reactivates the Spell Card "Harmonic Synchro Fusion" from his hand, allowing him to perform a  Synchro Summon  and a  Fusion Summon  using the two monsters he controls. Shades of "Stone Sweeper" and "Ground Keeper" split off from one another and Jack notes that Sergey is simultaneously Synchro and Fusion Summoning at the same time before claiming to be tired of seeing it. Sergey  tunes  the  Level 5  "Stone Sweeper" with the  Level 1  "Ground Keeper" and he  chants  "Spirit bound to the earth; shake all creation with your mystic power! Synchro Summon! Appear now!  Level 6 !  Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin !" Next he  fuses  the specters of "Stone Sweeper" and "Ground Keeper" and he chants "He who is bound by stone, become one with he who is bound by earth and grasp the land! Fusion Summon! Appear now! Level 6!  Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina ! (in the dub, he simply says he Synchro Summons them without chanting or saying their Levels")" 
 
       Sergey  turns to offer  Jack  a choice.     
 Sergey carves a gap in the track to turn himself around and he tells Jack that it's time for him to suffer. Jack asks, "Suffer, you say? (in the dub, he initiates an "alpha" plan, to which Jack asks, "Alpha?")" and Sergey activates the effect of "Geo Gremlin"; Jack must choose whether or not to destroy "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend". If Jack chooses to destroy it; then the turn's  Battle Phase  will be skipped and Jack can delay his inevitable defeat. However, if he chooses not to then Sergey will gain LP equal to the ATK of "Red Dragon", but Sergey will also be able to attack with his two 2000 ATK monsters and Jack's defeat will be guaranteed. Jack doesn't respond and Sergey urges him to choose. Gong notes that neither choice is in Jack's favor. One of the Commons protests that there's no way that Jack would destroy "Red Dragon", and another points out that Jack will lose if he doesn't, while a third is shocked that Jack could be cornered like this. One of the Tops believes that Jack has no choice but to destroy "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" (the scene with the Tops and Commons is cut from the dub) and Roget agrees that destroying "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" is indeed Jack's best choice in order to reach his next hope. However that hope will instantly crumble into nothing. Zuzu wonders why and Roget explains that when "Red Dragon" is destroyed the effect of "Gremlina" will activate. He explains to Zuzu that when an opponent's monster is destroyed by a card effect the effect of "Geo Gremlina" will destroy all monsters on its controller's side of the field and inflict damage equal to the total ATK of the destroyed monsters to the opponent. "Gremlin" and "Gremlina" have 4000 ATK total and Jack only has 2500 LP. Zuzu gasps that that will be…and Roget finishes, "Checkmate". 
 
       Sergey  regains  LP .     
 Rain continues to fall as Sergey tells Jack that's it's time to make his choice. Jack states that there was never a choice to begin with and Sergey asks if Jack will destroy "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" then. Jack calls Sergey a fool and he asks if Sergey would discard his own soul when he challenges someone to a fight. "Soul? ("Destroy Dragon!" in the dub)" Sergey asks. Jack declares that "Red Dragon" is the symbol of his very soul and no matter how desperate the situation he would never allow it to be destroyed, even if his body were to be destroyed because of it. Sergey gasps in shock and his left eye begins pulsing. Roget cries that it's impossible. Melissa explains that Jack chose not to destroy "Red Dragon" and Sergey has been healed as "Geo Gremlin" raises its arms and both "Red Dragon" and Sergey glow light blue as Sergey rises to 2500 LP. Sergey states that in that case Jack will be destroyed along with his soul and he declares his Battle Phase, attacking "Red Dragon" with "Geo Gremlin". "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" adopts a fighting stance as Melissa states that if "Red Dragon" is destroyed, Jack will take 500 damage and then if "Geo Gremlina" attacks afterwards then Jack will lose with only 2000 LP left. She screams Jack's name (not in the dub). Roget deems it an unsatisfying victory, but it's time the King stepped down from the stage (in the dub, he says he will declare himself the new King). Sergey tells Jack to scatter into nothing.
 
         Jack  explains the "King's Duel" to  Sergey .     
 But Jack activates a  Trap Card , " Red Gem ", which prevents " Red " monsters from being destroyed this turn. A barrier of fire forms over "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" and Sergey reminds Jack that he will still take the damage. Jack falls to 2000 LP and Sergey attacks "Red Dragon" with "Geo Gremlina". The effect of "Red Gem" protects "Red Dragon" but Jack still takes 500 more damage, falling to 1500 LP. Sergey observes that Jack still insists on protecting "Red Dragon" and Jack reminds Sergey that "Red Dragon" is the symbol of his Dueling, and his very soul. Sergey is thunderstruck by Jack's devotion and Jack declares that he burns his soul to its very limits, and with that radiance he claims victory. Burning like the blazing-hot sun itself, shining like the stars from the heavens, its brilliance dazzling all. That is his, the King's Dueling ("Master and Dragon, ruling together!" in the dub). Sergey purses his lips and groans as his heartrate skyrockets. Roget asks him what is wrong and Sergey continues to groan as he declares the end of his turn. 
 Jack declares his turn and he draws a Trap Card, "Red Soul". Sergey turns around and he dismisses Jack's claim as meaningless; one does not need a soul to win a Duel. He tells Jack to behold this perfect body he has obtained; the combination of a perfect body and tactics. Lightning strikes and Jack comments that Sergey must be joking. Sergey states that there are seven Action Cards ahead of them and he accelerates forwards, stabbing at the track. He claims that it's over for Jack. But Roget yells at Sergey to stop it as Sergey's heartbeat rises to over 400 bpm; he's pushing it too far. Jack accelerates, and Melissa notes that Jack is closing the gap between him and Sergey without missing a beat. Jack calls Sergey a clown and tells him to keep talking all he wants. Sergey furiously curses Jack and yells at him to disappear before he begins plunging his spikes into the track up to the ends. Jack dodges easily and he declares that there is nothing that is perfect, but if there was it would be Jack. He slowly catches up to Sergey using Sergey's slipstream, but Sergey claims that Jack will never be able to pass him. Jack states that a glimmer of light is all that he needs and Sergey asks, "What?" Jack declares that if there is a sliver of light, however small, it will be the light that leads him to victory. That is his, the King's Dueling. Yuya and Gong stop and look around as Melissa declares that this is their King, Jack Atlas, and the real show is only just beginning. Yuya observes that the rioting has stopped. 
 
         Jack  uses  Sergey's  slipstream to overtake him.     
 Sergey's strikes pierce all the way through the bridge as he races for an Action Card, as Melissa narrates. Sergey laughs that the countdown to Jack's defeat starts now. A sunbeam peeks through the clouds and Jack sees a path past Sergey. He immediately accelerates, dodging under Sergey's strikes and grabbing the Action Card himself, much to Sergey's shock. Melissa cries that Jack got an Action Card within a second's opening. Sergey grits his teeth and he admits that when a player picks up an Action Card, the effect of "Earthbound Tundra" forces the other player to send an Action Card to the Graveyard. He discards " Big Escape " and Jack states that with this Sergey can no longer damage him with the effect of "Earthbound Tundra". Melissa praises Jack for turning around the threat of Sergey's "Earthbound Tundra". She points out an Action Card in front of Jack; but Jack ignores it and he turns around stating that from here it will be the King's true Duel. Sergey is visibly shaking and moaning at the statement. Roget calls Jack foolish; if Sergey takes the Action Card he will gain control of "Earthbound Tundra" again. But Sergey ignores the card too, much to Melissa and Roget's shock. An error message flashes on Sergey's vital screen and Roget asks in shock what is going on while Zuzu's eyes have gone wide with surprise. Sergey has begun to break free again and he madly screams at Jack that he will defeat Jack with all of his beautiful might. Jack replies that this is why he chose to protect "Red Dragon" and he turns around again (in the dub, Sergey says he doesn't need Action Cards to beat Jack; Jack replies that only the best Duelist will win). The Tops and the Commons cheer for Jack as he  Sets  a card and ends his turn. 
 Sergey declares his turn and he draws. He attacks "Red Dragon" with "Geo Gremlin", but Jack activates the Action Spell " Tenacity "; since he controls only one monster, that monster cannot be destroyed in battle this turn. A barrier encloses "Red Dragon" as it blocks the strike of "Geo Gremlin" and Sergey reminds Jack that he will take the damage. Jack falls to 1000 LP and Sergey attacks with "Geo Gremlina". "Tenacity" protects "Red Dragon" once again and Jack falls to 500 LP. Melissa cries that Jack's LP is slowly being whittled down by Sergey's repeated attacks, and Roget cries that that's it, ordering Sergey to crush Jack and teach him that hope is meaningless in against unquestionable power. When that happens his great power will bring these foolish plebeians to their knees and Roget will finally gain control of New Domino City. He laughs and declares that his ideal world will –
 -"That ideal world will never come true!" Zuzu cries. Roget asks her what she means and Zuzu states that a world created through oppressing others with brute force means nothing. Roget asks Zuzu what would give a world meaning. "Smiles", Zuzu replies. Roget narrows his eyes and he asks "smiles?" Zuzu claims that a world where everyone can smile is an ideal world with meaning. Roget dismisses her claims as nonsense, but Zuzu states that smiles are what connect people, and they allow them to communicate through their souls. Roget stops laughing and Zuzu states that souls that are connected by smiles will never lose to power that relies only on control, and it is the same for Dueling; Dueling with only power does not speak to anyone's soul. But Roget dismisses the prospect of speaking to anyone's soul through Dueling as pointless (this whole scene after Roget orders Sergey to destroy Jack so he can bring New Domino to his knees is cut from the dub). 
 
         Sergey  Fusion Summons " Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha ".     
 Sergey activates a  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Earthbound Fusion ", allowing him to perform a Fusion Summon since there is an activated Field Spell Card. He fuses "Geo Gremlin" and "Geo Gremlina" and chants "Demon that rules over the earth! Demon that clings to the land! Become one and arise from the depths of the underground! Fusion Summon! Appear now!  Level 10 !  Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha ! ((Dub) "I bring Monster to destroy you! Rising up from molten depths of this world, his volcanic temper is legendary, as are his infernal deeds on the battlefield! I Fusion Summon! Emerge,  Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha !")" Jack observes the  Fusion Monster 's 3000 ATK and Sergey continues his Battle Phase, attacking "Red Dragon" with "Geo Grasha". "Geo Grasha" spreads its wings and a multicolored miasma seeps across the field, as Sergey explains that when "Geo Grasya" battles a Fusion or  Synchro Monster , that monster's ATK becomes zero. The miasma smothers "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" and the track and Sergey states that even if Jack negates the destruction of "Red Dragon" with "Tenacity" it will amount to nothing. "Geo Grasha" attacks with " Darkness Miasma " and fires a fork of black lightning as Melissa asks whether this is really the end for Jack. 
 Jack activates the effect of " Red Mirror " from his hand, discarding it since his opponent declared an attack and adding a "Red Monster" from his Graveyard to his hand. He returns "Red Warg" to his hand and then he immediately discards it and  Dark Resonator " to activate the Trap Card "Red Soul". "Red Dragon" cannot be destroyed until the end of the turn and Jack's battle damage is reduced by the total ATK of the monsters that he sent to the Graveyard. Both "Red Dragon" and Jack glow red as "Red Dragon" fends off the attack and Jack falls to 200 LP. Sergey calls it pointless struggling. Melissa cries that Jack has negated a total of 2700 damage and is left with only a hair's breadth of LP: 200. 
 
         " Scarlight " saves  Sergey  from falling.     
 As Sergey pursues Jack, the miasma seeping from "Geo Grasha" begins to shatter the weakened track behind Sergey, and Melissa gasps that it's crumbling away and Sergey is falling. Sergey screams and Yuya and Gong gasp…and something catches Sergey; Melissa declares that Jack has saved Sergey from his fall with "Red Dragon" as "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" lifts Sergey up. Jack declares that their Duel will only be decided by Dueling; that is how Jack does things.  Sergey grits his teeth and purses his lips, he arches his back and looks into the sky as his readouts declare an error message and are blacked out. A gasp of air escapes his mouth and Sergey whispers "Beautiful… ("I'm free" in the dub)" "Red Dragon" throws Sergey back onto the track and Gong tearfully admits to Yuya that he is incredibly moved right now. The two Lancers look around at the Commons as they cheer Jack as the star of hope for the Commons. The Tops praise Jack as well and call him their hope. Melissa cries that Jack saved Sergey from certain doom, but now that he's back in front, the threat of "Earthbound Tundra" has returned and an Action Card is right in front of Sergey. Roget urgently orders Sergey to get the Action Card and crush the King using "Earthbound Tundra". Melissa declares that Sergey is approaching the Action Card and…ignores it! 
 "SERGEY!"  Roget screams. Sergey raises his head and he cries "Beautiful!" before admitting to Jack that this Duel is beautiful beyond belief. He declares that they shall make their Duel even more beautiful and ends his turn (in the dub, he says this is the fight of Jack's life and urges him not to hold back). Jack smiles and replies "As you wish!"  "YOU IMBECILE!"  Roget screams. Zuzu realizes that Jack and Sergey have connected their souls. Roget desperately screams at Sergey to get the Action Cards, but Zuzu states that it's pointless; no power can control those two now. Roget turns and looks at Zuzu in shock. Sergey tells Jack to come at him.
 
         " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " attacks while equipped with " Soul Fist ".     
 Jack accelerates past Sergey and he asks if Sergey can hear the beating of this soul; the cry of his soul burning to its very limits. He declares his turn and he draws " Soul Fist ". He declares that it's here; the card that engraves itself into souls. He activates the  Equip Spell Card  "Soul Fist" and equips it to "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend", telling it to carve it into its soul as "Red Dragon" raises its right arm which glows with flames as a crimson symbol appears on the back its hand. Jack explains that "Soul Fist" makes the ATK of a monster with greater ATK than the equipped monster the same until the  End Phase . Fire batters "Geo Grasya" as Melissa notes that it reduced the ATK of "Red Dragon" to zero and has been reduced to zero ATK itself. Sergey just laughs madly. Jack then activates the effect of "Red Dragon"; destroying all Special Summoned monsters with equal or lower ATK than "Red Dragon" and inflict 500 damage for each. Gathering fire in its right hand, "Red Dragon" launches a fire blast with "Absolute Powerflame" and destroys "Geo Grasya". Souls fly from the body of "Geo Grasya" and Sergey laughs as they swarm around him and he falls to 2000 LP. Jack explains that since "Geo Grasya" was destroyed the second effect of "Soul Fist" is activated; and "Red Dragon" glows with flames and its scars shine brightly as it gains the  original ATK  of "Geo Grasya" until the end of the turn, rising to 3000 ATK. Sergey calls it beautiful and one of the Commons calls it their hope, another calls it the King's soul, and a third and fourth declare, "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend! ("Master of Faster", "Sultan of Speed", the City's "Ace Racer" and "Champion" in the dub)" The Tops and Commons all cheer. Jack swivels and quietly declares his Battle Phase. Sergey explains that he understands why Jack didn't destroy his soul (in the dub, he tells Jack to finish it). Jack attacks directly with "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend". "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" attacks with "Flaming Crimson Hell Burning ("Molten Crimson Flare" in the dub)" and blasts a plume of flames at Sergey, engulfing him in fire and reducing his LP to zero. 
 
         Roget  screams in anger as his plan fails.     
 Sergey spins out and crashes off the edge of the road. Jack cries "Red Dragon!" and "Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend" lunges forwards to grab Sergey again. But Sergey slaps its hand away and he tells Jack not to interfere with his beautiful finish (in the dub, he says only he decides his fate). He tells Jack "Farewell, King ("... for now" in the dub)" and Jack whispers Sergey's name. With a final cry of "Beautiful! ("I'm free" in the dub)" Sergey Volkov falls out of sight. Melissa cries that the winner is hers, theirs, and New Domino City's Jack Atlas! The Tops clap and the Commons cheer. Roget stares in utter shock at the error screen and he throws his hands up, grabs his head and he screams,  "IMPOSSIBLE! ("NOOOOOOOOO!!!!" in the dub)"  The Commons all cheer Jack's name as Yuya looks around in wonder.
 
 Featured Duel: Jack Atlas vs. Sergey Volkov 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 4: Sergey 
 Sergey   draws  " Earthbound Prisoner Ground Keeper " and gets an  Action Card . He  banishes  the Action Card with the  effect  of " Earthbound Tundra ", inflicting 300  damage  and reducing the  ATK  of " Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend " by 300 (Jack: 3700 → 3400, "Scarlight": 2700 → 2400). Sergey does this again (Jack: 3400 → 3100, "Scarlight": 2400 → 2100). Sergey moves for a third Action Card, with  Jack  attempting to block him but failing. Sergey banishes the Action Card (Jack: 3100 → 2800, "Scarlight": 2100 → 1800). Sergey gets another Action Card and banishes it (Jack: 2800 → 2500, "Scarlight": 1800 → 1500). As there is a  face-up  card in the  Field Zone , Sergey  activates  " Earthbound Rescue ", letting him  add  an " Earthbound "  monster  and a  Spell Card  from his  Graveyard  to his hand. He adds " Earthbound Prisoner Stone Sweeper " and " Harmonic Synchro Fusion ". As there is a face-up card in the Field Zone, Sergey  Special Summons  "Stone Sweeper" (1600/1600) from his hand in  Attack Position  via its own effect. Sergey  Normal Summons  "Ground Keeper" (300/???). Sergey activates "Synchro Fusion", letting him use monsters he controls as  Materials  for both a  Fusion Summon  and  Synchro Summon . Sergey  tunes  the  Level  5 "Stone Sweeper" with the Level 1  Tuner monster  "Ground Keeper" to Synchro Summon " Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin " (2000/1000) in Attack Position. He then  fuses  "Stone Sweeper" with "Ground Keeper" to Fusion Summon " Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina " (2000/1000) in Attack Position. As it was Special Summoned this turn and there is a face-up card in the Field Zone, Sergey activates the effect of "Geo Gremlin", letting him  target  a monster his opponent controls and have his opponent choose between  destroying  the monster (which would lead to the effect of "Gremlina" activating (as a monster the opponent controlled was destroyed while a Field Spell was active) destroying all of Sergey's monsters and inflicting damage equal to the total ATK of those monsters (4000)) and skipping this  turn 's  Battle Phase  or not and having Sergey gain LP equal to the that monster's ATK. Sergey targets "Scarlight" and Jack chooses to have Sergey gain LP (Sergey: 1000 → 2500 LP). "Geo Gremlin"  attacks  "Scarlight", but Jack activates his  face-down  " Red Gem ", preventing " Red " monsters he controls from being  destroyed by battle  or card effects this turn (Jack: 2500 → 2000). "Geo Gremlina" attacks "Scarlight" (Jack: 2000 → 1500). 
 Turn 5: Jack 
Jack draws " Red Soul ". Sergey attempts to get an Action Card, but Jack gets it first. As Jack added an Action Card to his hand, the effect of "Earthbound Tundra" forces Sergey to  send  all Action Cards in his hand to the Graveyard. Sergey sends " Big Escape ". Jack passes the next Action Card and a programming error prevents Sergey from getting it either. Jack Sets a card.
 Turn 6: Sergey 
"Geo Gremlin" attacks "Scarlight", but Jack activates the Action Card " Tenacity " as he controls only one monster. That monster cannot be destroyed by  battle  this turn. The attack continues (Jack: 1500 → 1000). "Geo Gremlina" attacks "Scarlight" (Jack: 1000 → 500). As there is a face-up card in the Field Zone, Sergey activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Earthbound Fusion ", letting him perform a Fusion Summon by using monsters he controls. He fuses "Geo Gremlin" with Geo Gremlina" to Fusion Summon " Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha " (3000/1800) in Attack Position. "Grasha" attacks "Scarlight", with the effect of "Grasha" activating as it is battling a Fusion or Synchro Monster, reducing that monster's ATK to 0 ("Scarlight": 1500 → 0). As he opponent  declared  an attack, Jack activates the effect of the " Red Mirror " in his hand, sending it to the Graveyard to add a "Red" monster from his Graveyard to his hand. He adds " Red Warg ". Jack activates his face-down "Red Soul", letting him send two monsters in this hand to the Graveyard to target a monster he controls and prevent it from being destroyed by battle or card effects this turn. The  battle damage  he takes this turn will also be reduced by the combined ATK of the monsters sent. He sends "Red Warg" and " Dark Resonator " and targets "Scarlight". The attack continues, with the battle damage reduced by 2700 (Jack: 500 → 200). Sergey has another programming error and passes the next Action Card.
 Turn 7: Jack 
Jack draws " Soul Fist ", which he  equips  to "Scarlight". He activates the effect of "Soul Fist", letting him make the ATK of all monsters his opponent controls with ATK higher than the ATK of the equipped monster's the same as the equipped monster's until the end of this turn ("Grasha": 3000 → 0). Jack activates the effect of "Scarlight", letting him destroy all Special Summoned monsters on the field with ATK less than or equal to its own besides itself and inflict 500 damage for each one. "Grasha" is destroyed (Sergey: 2500 → 2000). As an opponent's monster was destroyed, Jack activates the other effect of "Soul Fist", letting him change the ATK of the equipped monster to the  original ATK  of the destroyed monster ("Scarlight": 0 → 3000). "Scarlight" attacks  directly  (Sergey: 2000 → 0).
 
 Differences in Adaptation 
 In the dub, background music from  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  is being played throughout the Duel between Jack and Sergey. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jack Atlas Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Red Mirror 
 Red Warg 
 Tuner monsters 
 Dark Resonator Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Soul Fist 
 Traps 
 Red Gem 
 Red Soul 
 
 Sergey Volkov Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Earthbound Prisoner Stone Sweeper 
 Tuner monsters 
 Earthbound Prisoner Ground Keeper Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Earthbound Fusion 
 Earthbound Rescue 
 Earthbound Tundra 
 Harmonic Synchro Fusion 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Big Escape 
 Tenacity 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Italian 
 Duellante Biocibernetico - Seconda Parte
 
 
  Thai 
 แขนขวาที่จารึกด้วยจิตวิญญาณ
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/98/SoulFist-JP-Anime-AV-NC-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160304070508', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/24/SergeyBlockJack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401114323', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/JackChoices.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401114339', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7a/SergeyGainsLP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401114410', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/68/Jack_Tells_Sergey_The_Extent_Of_Meaning_Scarlight_Has_To_Him.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160304065615', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/SergeyJackSlipstream.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401114424', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/73/EarthboundServantGeoGrasha-JP-Anime-AV-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160222071157', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/57/ScarlightSavesSergey.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401114453', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/ScarlightEngraveSoulLightAttack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160424160552', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/Roget_goes_crazy.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161117204801', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes