Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_Tag_Force

This article is about the video game. For the series, see  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force series .      
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊戯王デュエルモンスターズＧＸ ＴＡＧ ＦＯＲＣＥ 
 
 
 Rōmaji  
 Yuugiou Dyuerumonsutaazu GX TAG FORCE 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX Tag Force 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Series 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 PSP 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  September 14, 2006  November 14, 2006  March 2, 2007  October 12, 2007 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force , known in Japan as  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX Tag Force  is a video game based on the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime series. It is the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  series' debut on the PlayStation Portable system and the first game in the  Tag Force  series .
 The player enrolls at  Duel Academy  as a transfer student. The main focus of the game is a  Tag Force  tournament that will take place on the island. Players must find a partner to compete in the tournament alongside. The game includes characters from the anime, as well as characters exclusive to the video games. Three promotional cards come packed with the game - " Phantom Beast Cross-Wing ", " Phantom Beast Thunder-Pegasus " and " Phantom Beast Wild-Horn ".
 The game was eventually ported to the PlayStation 2 under the name  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force Evolution . This game includes connectivity with  the original game's sequel .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Story 
 2   Anime-only Cards 
 3   Further information 
 4   External links 
 
 
 Story 
 The player enrolls at  Duel Academy  one month after the beginning of the school year during the month of May. As a transfer student, you are automatically placed in the  Slifer Red  dorm. The game is divided into three parts, each with different goals, all of which are ultimately accomplished through  Dueling .
 In the first part of the game, one must find a partner. During the first playthrough, the player may select  Jaden Yuki ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Chumley Huffington ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Alexis Rhodes  or  Zane Truesdale  as a partner. However, in order to convince them to team with you, you must build a relationship with them. Whenever a conversation is prompted, you are given four options - to talk about "Duels", "The Academy", "Hobbies" or "Rumors". During each conversation one of the first three choices is randomly selected to harm affection, while the other two will improve it. This can be avoided by getting  Pharaoh  to follow you, should he be with you, all three choices will yield the best result. Affection can also be increased by giving the characters sandwiches that can be purchased at Duel Academy's card shop. Everyone has different tastes, though all seven characters love the  Golden Eggwich . Affection is measured via a heart meter. Once six hearts are obtained, the character will offer to become your partner. Filling the meter completely to seven hearts will result in the character gifting the player with cards that are hard to acquire elsewhere. One may attempt to get as many characters to six hearts as possible, and it is possible to get all seven to full before ending part one.
 Each Sunday,  Tag Duels  are held at the Academy's Duel field. Of the seven characters, the one you have the best affection level with will be you partner for those Duels. Should multiple characters be equal, the one with the higher in-game number will partner with you. Due to this, should all characters be equal, the partner will be Jaden by default, as he is listed as  Duelist  #1. The  SAL lab  is unlocked as an visitable area, and may use the "Card Converter" and "Rental" machines to expand their collection of cards.
 At the end of July, the  Tag Force  tournament is held, beginning the game's second part. At this point, players may select any character with enough affection to be a partner for the duration of the playthrough. The player and their partner start with 10 GX Medals, and must bet them in Tag Duels with other Duelists. Up to five medals may be wagered per Duel, but the opponent decides the number. The medals may be obtained in singles or Tag Duels. One must acquire ninety GX Medals to make it the final round of the tournament, which takes place in the newly-built Special Finals Arena. Defeating the four tag teams there, and the tournament is won.
 Chancellor Sheppard  meets with the player and their partner, and entrusts two of the  Spirit Keys  to them. The game's third part is a conflict against the  Shadow Riders . Each of the seven of them has brainwashed another character and they will function as the Riders' partners against the player and their partner. Should one of the characters involved in these Duels already be the player's partner, the Duel against them is simply skipped. Defeating all seven Shadow Riders forces the player into a Duel against their leader,  Kagemaru . The player must Duel him twice in a row, in a singles match. Defeating him ends the game. Once its been completed, players may select any of the game's Duelable characters as a partner after fulfilling certain conditions and several additional characters can also be unlocked.
 
 Anime-only Cards 
 Bolded cards have been printed in the OCG since this videogame was released.
 
 
 Tag Force Anime-Only Card List Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Dizzy Angel 
 Dizzy Tiger 
 Maiden in Love 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Archfiend Matador 
 Swordsman Of Doom Lithmus Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Amazoness Arena 
 Ayer's Rock Sunshine 
 Alchemic Kettle - Chaos Distill 
 Cupid Kiss 
 Dark Arena 
 Dark Scorpion - Tragedy of Love 
 Happy Marriage 
 Hot Sauce Bottle 
 Illusion Gate 
 Philosopher's Stone - Sabatier 
 Ritual of Lithmus 
 Ritual of the Matador 
 Traps 
 Dark Scorpion Retreat 
 Defense Maiden 
 Further information 
 Booster Packs 
 Challenges 
 Character Deck Recipes 
 Game Glitches 
 Opponents 
 The game uses two Forbidden & Limited Card Lists entitled " Default Settings " (the game's default list) and " Game Original "; these mostly follow the  September 2005 Lists  and  April 2006 Lists  respectively. It should be noted that if the player switches to using the "Game Original" Card List though, the computer opponents' Decks will not follow these 
restrictions.
 
 External links 
 Official website 
 Downloadable manual 
 The Spriters Resource page 
 v e 
 ← GX1   Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force   Booster Packs   GX03 → 
 First Monster 
 First Spell-Trap 
 First Fusion 
 First Effect Monsters 
 Step Up Spell-Trap 
 Step Up Fusion 
 Anti Effect 
 Life Breaker 
 Go Go Direct 
 Visitor from the Dark 
 Emergent Fire 
 Water of Life 
 Gift of Wind 
 Platinum Light 
 Earth Dwellers 
 Lucky Economy Pack 
 Endless Thoughts 
 Flip the Picture 
 Equip Me 
 More Eternal Memories 
 Speed King 
 Spice of Duel 
 Fairy's Sky 
 Dragon Drive 
 Fiend Night 
 Skillful Spellcasters 
 Cold Skin 
 Ritual Dance 
 Symbol 50 
 Wave of the Future 
 Good Ol' Days 
 Hero Emerges! 
 A Machine's Soul Never Sleeps 
 Never Give Up 
 Warrior's Pyramid 
 Technology Master 
 Beast Kingdom 
 Maiden's Heartbeat 
 Bit Players 
 Vanilla Gloom 
 Tag Survivor 
 Princeton Power 
 Approach the Hotties 
 Dorothy's Soul 
 Sadie's Soul 
 Midday Constellation 
 Double Triple Destiny Draw 
 Checkered Flag 
 
 Downloadable Cards 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Tag Force Games 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Tag Force Special 
 Tag Force Evolution  ( Beginning of Destiny ) 
 Promotional cards 
 Tag Force 
 Tag Force 2 
 Tag Force 3 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Tag Force Special 
 Tag Force Evolution 
 Other 
 UMD Recognition 
 GX04 
 GX06 
 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Yu-Gi-Oh%21_GX_Tag_Force_Coverart.png/revision/latest?cb=20100419020137', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Flag_of_Europe.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120211606', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force, Video games