Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Draft_Format


 This article is  missing information : Battle Pack-specific rules.     
 A  Draft Format  is where players sit at tables in groups of 4-8, depending on the number participating, with their unopened booster packs on the table. Then when told to by the Tournament Organizer, each player picks up 1 of their booster packs and opens it, then takes 1 of the cards and sets it face-down in front of them to start a pile. After that, they pass the remaining cards to the left or right, dictated by the Tournament organizer. This continues until all 9 cards from each pack has been selected and no more cards are being passed around, then each player opens the next pack and repeats, passing the cards in the opposite direction. Once all packs have been used up, players separate to construct Decks with a minimum of 20 using the cards they've selected.
 When doing a Booster Draft, the following rules apply:
 
 Players may not trade cards pulled in the Booster Draft until the tournament is over. 
 Decks must have a minimum of 20-cards. 
 Decks may contain more than 3 cards of the same name. 
 The  Advanced Format / Traditional Format  lists are ignored. 
 Extra Decks can have any number of  Fusion Monsters ,  Synchro Monsters  or  Xyz Monsters . 
 Any cards not used in a player's  Main Deck  or  Extra Deck  are placed in their  Side Deck , which has no maximum. 
 v e 
 Tournaments Formats 
 Advanced 
 Boss Duel 
 Beta 
 Draft 
 Pegasus Ultimate Challenge 
 Sealed 
 Traditional 
 Pegasus Challenge formats
 A Rare Format 
 Air, Earth, Fire, and Water 
 Back From the Forbidden! 
 Caste Party 
 Double Deck 
 New Year's Resolution 
 Structures 
 Single-elimination 
 Swiss-system 
 Tournaments 
 Toys "R" Us Throwdown 
 Sneak Preview 
 Dragon Duel 
 Duelist League 
 Hobby League 
 Regional Tournament 
 Fortune Tour Championship 
 Pegasus Challenge 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Extravaganza 
 Shonen Jump Championship 
 European Championship 
 North American Championship 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Championship Series 
 Ultimate Duelist Series 
 World Championship Qualifiers 
 World Championship 
 
 Category 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Gameplay