Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Kalin_Kessler_(Duel_Links)


 
 Kalin Kessler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Kalin Kessler 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Marc Diraison 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Yuki Ono 
 
 
 
 Kalin Kessler  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Kalin Kessler , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. He is obtainable in the  event   Duelist Road - Clash at Crash Town .
 Blue Color Keys are requited to Duel Kalin at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Opponent 
 
 3.2.1   Level 10 
 3.2.2   Level 20 
 3.2.3   Level 30 
 3.2.4   Level 40 
 3.2.5   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 
 
 4   Level-up Rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 When the Signers defeated the King of the Netherworld, Kalin was revived from the shadows. But remembering all the evil he caused as a Dark Signer, Kalin is caught in a cycle of guilt and regret. Wandering the world in search for answers, he settles in Crash Town - where he fights Duels with his very existence at stake.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Kalin Deck Monsters  (17) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Armaill  x3 
 Hercules Beetle 
 D. Human  x3 
 Madjinn Gunn  x3 
 Necrolancer the Time-lord  x3 
 Unknown Warrior of Fiend  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Beetle Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Infernity Doom Dragon  (glossy) Spells  (1) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Wave-Motion Inferno 
 Traps 
 Phantom Hand 
 Opponent 
 Level 10 
 
 Show Me What You Can Do Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Hercules Beetle 
 D. Human  x3 
 Madjinn Gunn  x2 
 Necrolancer the Time-lord  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Infernity Dwarf  x3 
 Infernity Doom Slinger  x3 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Beetle Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Infernity Doom Dragon  x3 Spells   &  Traps  (5) 
 Traps 
 Infernity Inferno 
 Infernity Reflector 
 Phantom Hand  x2 
 Limit Impulse 
 Level 20 
 
 Keep It Coming! Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mabarrel 
 Effect Monsters 
 Darkbishop Archfiend  x2 
 Infernity Doom Slinger  x2 
 Infernity Knight  x3 
 Infernity Mirage 
 Infernity Randomizer  x2 
 Vilepawn Archfiend  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Beetle Extra Deck  (1) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Infernity Doom Dragon Spells  (1) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 The Puppet Magic of Dark Ruler 
 Traps 
 Damage Translation 
 Full Salvo 
 Infernity Inferno 
 Infernity Reflector 
 Phantom Hand 
 Level 30 
 
 Outrunning the Past Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Goblin King 
 Infernity Archer 
 Infernity Beast  x3 
 Infernity Destroyer 
 Infernity Knight  x3 
 Infernity Mirage 
 Infernity Randomizer 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Beetle  x2 Extra Deck  (3) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Archfiend's Call 
 Infernity Doom Dragon  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Infernity Launcher 
 The Puppet Magic of Dark Ruler 
 Wave-Motion Inferno  x2 
 Traps 
 Infernity Inferno  x2 
 Phantom Hand 
 Level 40 
 
 Taste of Kalin Special Monsters  (12) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Archfiend Soldier 
 Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Vorse Raider 
 Effect Monsters 
 Goblin King 
 Infernity Archfiend  x2 
 Infernity Mirage 
 Infernity Necromancer 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Avenger 
 Infernity Beetle  x3 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Archfiend's Call 
 Infernity Doom Dragon  x3 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Infernity Launcher  x2 
 Wave-Motion Inferno  x2 
 Traps 
 Hate Buster 
 Infernity Force 
 Infernity Inferno  x2 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
Skill: "Cycle of Doom" (At the beginning of your turn, play 1 "Infernity Doom Dragon" and 1 face-up "Phantom Hand" from outside of your Deck. If your "Internity Doom Dragon" played by this Skill leaves the field by your opponent's card effect, or is destroyed in battle, play 1 "Void Ogre Dragon" from outside of your Deck at the beginning of your next turn. This Skill will only activate once per Duel.) 
 Satisfy Me in Tag Duels Monsters  (10) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Dark Grepher  x2 
 Infernity Archfiend  x3 
 Infernity General 
 Infernity Necromancer  x2 
 Tuner monsters 
 Infernity Beetle  x3 Extra Deck  (6) 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Infernity Doom Dragon  x2 
 Archfiend's Call  x2 
 Armades, Keeper of Boundaries 
 Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Spells  (4) &  Traps  (6) 
 Spells 
 Infernity Launcher  x3 
 ZERO-MAX 
 Traps 
 Depth Amulet 
 Hate Buster  x2 
 Infernity Barrier 
 Infernity Break  x2 
 Level-up Rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Kalin Kessler reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Des Gunman "
 
 
 4
 
 Avenger & Doom Dragon (Skill)
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Kalin Kessler)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Goblin King "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Kalin Kessler)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Infernity General "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Goblin King "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Avenger from the Void ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Des Gunman "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Goblin King "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Infernity General "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Wave-Motion Inferno ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Des Gunman "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Archer "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Break "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Kalin Kessler)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Infernity General "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Necromancer "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Break "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Necromancer "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Infernity Barrier "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Kalin Kessler, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Infernity Doom Dragon "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Infernity Destroyer "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Luna the Dark Spirit "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Fabled Ashenveil "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Infernity Reflector "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Infernity Beast "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Wave-Motion Inferno "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Phantom Hand "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Hercules Beetle "
 
 
 N 
 
 " D. Human "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Avenger & Doom Dragon
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 2 "Infernity Avenger" to your Deck. Then, add 1 "Infernity Doom Dragon" to your Extra Deck.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Avenger from the Void
 
 Begin the Duel with 1 "Infernity Avenger" in your Graveyard. This Skill will not activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains monsters other than DARK monsters.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Wave-Motion Inferno
 
 If you have no cards in your hand, this skill increases the ATK/DEF of all "Infernity" monsters you control by 400.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Handless Combo Infinity
 
 Begin the Duel with 0 cards in your hand and "Infernity Doom Dragon" on your side of the field.
 
 Drop
 
 
 I Was Quicker Than You
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, recover the starting player's Life Points by 2000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Shell of a Ghost
 
 Can be used if you have 0 cards in your hand and you only control "Infernity" monsters. You can take 1 "Infernity Launcher" from your Deck and place it at the top of your Deck. Then place 1 "Infernity Launcher" from outside your Deck at the bottom of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Fleeting Hand
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are at least 2000 less than the opponent's. Return 1 to 3 cards from your hand to your Deck. Then, apply 1 of the following effects, depending on the number of cards returned:
 1 Card: Place 1 "Infernity Archfiend" on top of your Deck from outside of your Deck.
 2 Cards: Play 1 "Infernity Necromancer" from outside of your Deck.
 3 Cards: Play 1 "Infernity Launcher" face-up from outside of your Deck.
 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Infernity Inferno
 
 Can be used on your 2nd turn. Discard up to 2 cards from your hand, then send an equal number of "Infernity" monsters from your Deck to the Graveyard.
 
 Drop
 
 
 One-Card Wonder
 
 Your starting hand will contain only 1 card. Your normal draws in the Draw Phase become 2 cards. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck that contains no cards other than the following cards (excluding the Extra Deck):
 "Infernity" cards 
 Cards that include "Infernity" in their card text 
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Level Reduction
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will decrease by the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn (The minimum Level is 1). This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reload
 
 Can be used turn 5 and onward. Add all cards in your hand to your Deck and shuffle it. Then draw the same number of cards that you added to your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Restart
 
 Can be used only once after starting hands are drawn. Reduce your starting hand by 1, and then redraw your hand. You cannot Special Summon or activate monster effects until the end of the Main Phase of your first turn.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When Kalin wins a Duel against  Yusei Fudo , he says "Only you would think of Dueling to save me." 
 When Kalin loses the Duel against Yusei Fudo, he says "I'm glad you're the one who ended me, Yusei." 
 Jack Atlas 
 When Kalin loses a Duel against  Jack Atlas , he says "You don't seem satisfied with this victory, Jack" 
 Crow Hogan 
 When Kalin loses a Duel against  Crow Hogan , he says "Crow, I'm glad I was able to Duel you in my final battle." 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 When starting a Duel with  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , he announces "No matter how fast I run, I can't outrun my past!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Doom Dragon ", he chants  "The sinister spirits that inhabit these creatures combine!"  followed by  "I Synchro Summon!" . Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Kalin briefly appears, and he announces "I call forth Infernity Doom Dragon!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Infernity Doom Dragon" during that Duel, a cut-scene of "Infernity Doom Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Doom Dragon, attack!" followed by "Infernal Flame Blast!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Doom Dragon's effect activates." followed by "Infernal Flame Breath!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier ", he chants " Let the spear shatter the frozen wastes! " followed " I Synchro Summon! " Afterwards, a cut-in of Kalin briefly appears, and he announces "Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier! Attack!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I banish a card from your hand, field and Graveyard." 
 When Kalin Summons " Void Ogre Dragon ", he chants  "Between the skies and the earth lies a chaotic void!"  followed by  "I Synchro Summon!”  Afterwards, a cut-in of Kalin briefly appears, and he announces "Void Ogre Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Kain declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Void Ogre Dragon!" followed by "Infernity Chaos Burst!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Void Ogre Dragon negates and destroys your card!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Archer ", a cut-in frame of Kalin's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Infernity Archer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Infernity Archer!" followed by "Infernity Crossbow!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Destroyer ", a cut-in frame of Kalin's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Infernity Destroyer."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Destroyer attacks." 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Since my hand's empty, my Destroyer deals 1600 damage." 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity General ", a cut-in frame of Kalin's face briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Infernity General!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity General, Attack!" followed by "Infernity Blade!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When my hand is empty, I can use Infernity General effect." 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Doom Slinger ", a cut-in frame of Kalin's face briefly appears, and he announces "Set your eyes on Infernity Doom Slinger!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Doom Slinger attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Doom Slinger's effect activates!" or "I banish Infernity Doom Slinger to negate the effect damage!" followed by "Next, you choose whether to use my Slinger's effect or not." followed by "Which will you choose?" 
 When Kalin Summons " Archfiend Soldier ", he announces "Here comes Archfiend Soldier!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Archfiend Soldier Attacks!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Gene-Warped Warwolf ", he announces 'Come, Gene-Warped Werewolf!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Gene-Warped Werewolf!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Archfiend ", he announces "Come out, Infernity Archfiend!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Infernity Archfiend!" followed by "Infernal Pressure!" 
 When Kalin activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I can show you this card to Special Summon it!" 
 When Kalin activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Archfiend lets me add a card to my hand!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Avenger ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Infernity Avenger."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Avenger attacks." 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Avenger's effect activates from my Graveyard." 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Beast ", he announces "Let's go, Infernity Beast."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Infernity Beast." followed by "Infernal Howling!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Beetle ", he announces "The Tuner Monster, Infernity Beetle."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Beetle attacks." followed by "Beetle Blast!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Beetle's effect activates." 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Dwarf ", he announces "Go, Infernity Dwarf!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Dwarf attacks!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Guardian ", he announces "Here's Infernity Guardian!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Infernity Guardian!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Knight ", he announces "Come, Infernity Knight!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces Attack, Infernity Knight!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Knight's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Mirage ", he announces "Arrive, Infernity Mirage."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Infernity Mirage." 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I have no cards in my hand. So I can use my Mirage's effect." 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Necromancer ", he announces "Here comes Infernity Necromancer."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Necromancer attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When my Necromancer is Summoned, it switches to Defense." 
 When Kalin activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "My hand is empty. So I can activate Necromancer's effect." 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Patriarch ", he announces "Here's Infernity Patriarch."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Infernity Patriarch! 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Randomizer ", he announces "Let's go, Infernity Randomizer."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I'll attack with my Infernity Randomizer!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Randomizer's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Vorse Raider ", he announces "Come on out, Vorse Raider!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Vorse Raider!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Kalin activates " Damage Gate ", he announces "I activate Damage Gate to revive a monster as long as its ATK points equal or less than the damage I took." 
 When Kalin activates " Full Salvo ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card. Full Salvo." followed by "I discard my entire hand, and you take 200 damage per card." 
 When Kalin activates " Hate Buster ", he announces "I activate Hate Buster to destroy both our monsters, and you take damage equal to your monster's ATK points." 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Barrier ", he announces "I activate my Counter Trap. Infernity Barrier." 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Break ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card. Infernity Break." 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Force ", he announces "My Trap Card, Infernity Force." followed by "I destroy the attacker, and Special Summon an Infernity." 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Inferno ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Infernity Inferno." 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Launcher ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Spell, Infernity Launcher."
 When activating the first effect of that card, Kalin announces "Infernity Launcher's effect activates." followed by "It sends an Infernity monster to the Graveyard." 
 When activating the second effect of that card, Kalin announces "When my hand is empty I can use my Launcher's extra effect." 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Reflector ", he announces "I flip over my Trap Card. Infernity Reflector." followed by "I Special Summon my destroyed monster, and deal 1000 damage." 
 When Kalin activates " Into the Void ", he announces I activate the Spell Card, Into the Void." 
 When Kalin activates " Phantom Hand ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Phantom Hand."
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "Phantom Hand's effect activates." followed by "I banish my entire hand until my next Standby Phase." 
 When Kalin activates " Wave-Motion Inferno ", he announces "The Continuous Spell, Wave-Motion Inferno."
 When activating the effect of that card, Kalin announces "I send Wave-Motion Inferno to the Grave to use it's effect." followed by "It sends all the cards in my hand to the Graveyard." 
 When Kalin activates " ZERO-MAX ", he announces "I can activate ZERO-MAX when I have 0 cards in my hand." followed by "All monsters with lower ATK points than mine are burned to ash." 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Climber ", he announces "Infernity Climber."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Infernity Climber!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Climber's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Pawn ", he announces "Infernity Pawn!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Infernity Pawn!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Pawn’s effect activates!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Queen ", he announces "Infernity Queen!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Infernity Queen!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Queen's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Sage ", he announces "Infernity Sage."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Sage attacks!" 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Sage's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Shield Bearer ", he announces "Infernity Shield Bearer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Infernity Shield Bearer." 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Shield Bearer's effect activates!" 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Spear Bearer ", he announces "Infernity Spear Bearer!"
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Infernity Spear Bearer attacks! 
 When Kalin activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Spear Bearer's effect activates!” 
 When Kalin Summons " Infernity Zero ", he announces "I'd like you to meet a friend of mine. Infernity Zero."
 Most of the time when Kalin declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack! Infernity Zero!" 
 When Kalin activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I can now discard my hand to Special Summon Infernity Zero.” 
 When Kalin activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Infernity Zero's effect activates." followed by "When Infernity Zero is in play, I can't lose. Even with 0 life points." followed by "But if it gains 3 Doom Counters, I lose." 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Kalin activates " Contract with the Void ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Contract with the Void." 
 When Kalin activates " Infernity Burst ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Infernity Burst." 
 Trivia 
 The inclusion of " Void Ogre Dragon " as card-specific dialogue comes from Kalin's usage of that card during the  D1 Grand Prix  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  manga. 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo ,  Jack Atlas , or  Crow Hogan , Kalin announces "I did things to you that I regret... and can't take back." 
 When Kalin wins a Duel against Jack Atlas or Crow Hogan, he says "That was a satisfying Duel." 
 Kalin has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler ,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine , and  Rex Goodwin .
 Starting the Duel: "To atone for my past, I must defeat the Dark Signers!" or "No need to remind me of my sins. I've never forgotten them." 
 Winning: "I will no longer run from my past." followed by "I will fight for those who have lost their freedom!" 
 Losing: "This is the price I must pay for my crimes."
 Kalin still possesses the aforementioned dialogue for the Dark Signers, even though he already has character-specific dialogue for Dark Signer Kalin Kessler. 
 Lumis and Umbra ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Scud ,  Jesse Anderson , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan,  Akiza Izinski ,  Leo ,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, Kalin Kessler, and  Carly Carmine  have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami , Jesse Anderson,  Chazz Princeton ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Kalin Kessler,  Yuma and Astral ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Bronk Stone ,  Tori Meadows , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 The Paradox Brothers , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, and Kalin Kessler are the characters who possess a Skill that allows them to begin a Duel with Monster Cards on the field, albeit at a significant cost. 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Arkana , Lumis and Umbra, Aigami,  Sera ,  Prana , Jesse Anderson,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Bastion Misawa ,  Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Sartorius Kumar ,  Blair Flannigan , Yusei Fudo, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Kalin Kessler, and Reginald Kastle are the Legendary Duelists who have dialogue for cards that are non-existent, unreleased, anime-exclusive, or video game-exclusive. It is uncertain as to why these cards were found in the voice files, or if these said cards will be released in the future.
 Kalin's dialogue for such cards include: " Infernity Climber ", " Infernity Queen ", " Infernity Pawn ", " Infernity Sage ", " Infernity Shield Bearer ", " Infernity Spear Bearer ", " Infernity Zero ", " Contract with the Void ", and " Infernity Burst ". 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD),  Zane Truesdale , and  Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM)  and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi ,  Ishizu Ishtar , and Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM)  and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and  Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and  Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood ,  Yami Marik , Espa Roba, Aigami, Sera, and Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM)  and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki  and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f5/KalinKessler-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20200729214138', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/Profile-DULI-KalinKessler.png/revision/latest?cb=20200727135125', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ed/CutIn-DULI-KalinKessler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200727131647', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Summoning-DULI-KalinKessler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200727134552', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c1/Defeat-DULI-KalinKessler.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200727132054', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9b/Icon-DULI-KalinKessler.png/revision/latest?cb=20200727133910', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/Icon-DULI-KalinKessler2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200727142227', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters, Kalin Kessler pages