Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_VRAINS_-_Episode_120


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS - Episode 120 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 繋がる世界 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Tsunagaru Sekai 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Connected World 
 
 
 English 
 Journey's End 
 
 
 Number 
 120 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 25, 2019 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 13, 2021 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " calling " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " With The Wind " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS Theme " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Yoshida Shin 
 
 
 Director 
 Mutou Kimiharu 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Asano Katsuya 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Kawamura Yuya, Ebara Yuko 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Losing Battle " 
 "N/A" 
 
 
 
 

" Journey's End ", known as " Connected World " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundred-and-twentieth and final episode of  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime. It aired in Japan on September 25, 2019. It aired in English on 9Go! on September 13, 2021.
 Both  Playmaker  and  Ai  have come to acknowledge each other's ideals: the importance of connections to humans, and what an AI ultimately desires, respectively. The two then use everything they have left to settle their battle once and for all. Just how will their Duel conclude?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 
 1.1   Seeds of the future 
 
 
 2   Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. Ai 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Summary 
 
 This needs full summary, not a list.  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 Seeds of the future 
 During episode's ending, a lot things happened during three months after Yusaku's duel against Ai:
 
 Jin Kolter  is fully healed and helping Cal during his Café Nom business.  Skye  occasionally visits them to ask about Yusaku's whereabouts. 
 Link VRAINS  became a central station and connects to various network worlds.  Akira Zaizen  became the new CEO of  SOL Technologies . 
 Frog  and  Pigeon  still search for scoops, occasionally getting into trouble. 
 Ghost Gal  and  The Shepherd  continue their jobs as mercenaries. 
 Three   Knights  of  Hanoi , alongside with  Pandor , keep monitoring Link VRAINS in secret, working to atone for their crimes long ago. 
 George Gore  keeps dueling as a Celebrity Duelist. 
 Theodore Hamilton  takes  Kiku  for her first time to Link VRAINS, while  Brave Battler  notices them. 
 Varis  and  Specter  keep observing Link VRAINS, thinking about Yusaku's eventual return. 
 Yusaku Fujiki , still acting as Playmaker, appears somewhere in (or beyond) Link VRAINS. 
       Ai's  unknown status.     
 Despite that, there's still some facts there was not resolved during this third season:
 
 The current state of  Windy's partner  after being hospitalized in the car accident. 
 Queen's  current state after being defeated by Ai. There’s also still much unknown information about SOL Technologies'  other   higher-up   staff   members  and  other ones . 
 Gore's   co-workers  during his bounty hunter's days' status are unknown, presumably still active. 
 Miyu Sugisaki  lastly was seen in the hospital, where she was talking with Skye about  Aqua . It is still unknown if she is in the hospital or if she fully recovered. 
 Linkuriboh's  current status after Ai's agenda, presumably still living as a Duel Monster Spirit. 
 Ai , despite being terminated after his defeat against Yusaku, appeared in the episode's last seconds as a digitized version of his "eye" form, saying "Huh?" (a pun of word "Eye"), suggesting he could have survived his own termination. 
 Featured Duel: Playmaker vs. Ai 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 9: Playmaker 
Ai  activates  his  set   Continuous Trap  " A.I.Q ". While "A.I.Q" is face-up both players can only  Link Summon  once per turn. As he controls no monsters, Playmaker activates the effect of the " Cynet Ritual " in his  GY ,  banishing  it and 1  Ritual Monster  in his GY to Special Summon 2 " Cynet Tokens " (0/0) in  Defense Position . He banishes " Cyberse Magician ". Since he controls at least 2 monsters, Playmaker activates " Drastic Draw " to banish all monsters he controls to draw 3 cards, but he cannot  Normal  or  Special Summon  this  turn , except  Cyberse  monsters. As he controls no monsters, Playmaker Special Summons " Linkslayer " (2000/600) from his hand in  Attack Position  via its own effect. He then Normal Summons " Cyberse Wizard " (1800/800). Since he controls a Cyberse monster, Playmaker Special Summons " Backup Secretary " (1200/800) from his hand via its own effect. He then activates the effect of the " Borreload Furious Dragon " in his GY, banishing it to target 1  DARK   Link Monster  in his GY and Special Summon it. He targets " Firewall Dragon Darkfluid ", then uses it, "Linkslayer", "Cyberse Wizard" and "Backup Secretary" to Link Summon " Accesscode Talker " (2300/LINK-4/←↑↓→) to the Extra Monster Zone. Since it was Link Summoned using a Link Monster as material, "Accesscode Talker" gains ATK equal to the Link Rating of one of those monsters x 1000 via its own effect ("Accesscode Talker": 2300 → 7300 ATK). 
 Playmaker  activates  the other  effect  of "Accesscode Talker". letting him banish 1 Link Monster from his GY to destroy 1 card on the field, but for the rest of the turn he cannot banish monsters with the same  Attribute  to activate that effect. He banishes the  EARTH  " Transcode Talker " to destroy " Ignister A.I.Land ". Since "Ignister A.I.Land" in the  Field Zone  was destroyed by a card effect, its effect destroys all monsters Ai controls. However, the effect of " Gatchiri @Ignister " prevents all " @Ignister " monster Ai controls from being destroyed by card effects once per turn. Since the number of cards on Ai's field has decreased, " The Arrival Cyberse @Ignister " loses ATK ("The Arrival": 13000 → 12000 ATK). Playmaker activates the effect of "Accesscode Talker" again by banishing the  WATER  " Splash Mage ", destroying "Gatchiri" ("The Arrival": 12000 → 11000 ATK). Since "Gatchiri" left the field, its effect lets Ai target 1 face-up monster he controls and make it unaffected by Playmaker's card effects this turn. He targets "The Arrival". Playmaker activates the effect of "Accesscode Talker" again by banishing the  FIRE  " Proxy F Magician ", destroying " Gussari @Ignister " ("The Arrival": 11000 → 10000 ATK). Playmaker activates the effect again three times, banishing the  WIND  " Exslayer ",  LIGHT  " Linkross " and DARK " Decode Talker " to destroy " Darkwight @Ignister ", "A.I.Q" and " CompromA.I.se ", respectively ("The Arrival": 10000 → 9000 → 8000 → 7000 ATK).
 "Accesscode Talker" attacks "The Arrival". As a "@Ignister" Link Monster is  battling  an opponent monster, Ai activates the effect of the "Gussari" in his GY, banishing it to make the ATK of both battling monsters become 3000 and letting him Special Summon 1 "@Ignister" Link Monster from his GY with a lower Link Rating than his Link Monster at the end of the  Damage Step . The attack continues and both monsters are destroyed in a  Double KO . At the end of the Damage Step, Ai Special Summons " Dark Templar @Ignister " from his GY to his middle  Main Monster Zone . Since Playmaker's Cyberse Link Monster destroyed an opponent's Link Monster by battle, the effect of " Cynet Closure " returns the card it banished  face-down  to Playmaker's GY. The card is revealed to be " Recoded Alive ", and since Playmaker controls no monsters in the Extra Monster Zone he activates its effect, banishing it from the GY to target 1 of his banished " Code Talker " monsters and Special Summon it. He Special Summons "Decode Talker".
 Turn 10: Ai 
"Dark Templar" attacks "Decode Talker". As an "@Ignister" monster is battling, Ai activates " TA.I. Strike ", making the ATK of that monster equal to that of the monster it's battling and if a monster is destroyed by that battle, the monster's controller will take damage equal to their destroyed monster's original ATK. As a  Spell  or  Trap Card  was activated during the Damage Step when a "Code Talker" monster is battling, Playmaker activates the effect of the " Code Hack " in his GY, banishing it to negate that card's activation and increase the ATK of all "Code Talker" monsters he controls by 700 ("Decode Talker": 2300 → 3000 ATK). The attack continues and "Decode Talker" destroys "Dark Templar" (Ai: 100 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yusaku Fujiki (Playmaker) Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Backup Secretary 
 Cyberse Wizard 
 Linkslayer 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Cyberse Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Borreload Furious Dragon 
 Link Monsters 
 Accesscode Talker 
 Decode Talker 
 Firewall Dragon Darkfluid 
 Exslayer 
 Linkross 
 Proxy F Magician 
 Splash Mage 
 Transcode Talker Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cynet Closure 
 Cynet Ritual 
 Drastic Draw 
 Traps 
 Code Hack 
 Recoded Alive 
 
 Ai Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gatchiri @Ignister 
 Gussari @Ignister Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 The Arrival Cyberse @Ignister 
 Dark Templar @Ignister 
 Darkwight @Ignister Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 CompromA.I.se 
 Ignister A.I.Land 
 TA.I. Strike 
 Traps 
 A.I.Q 
 
 Other Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Commandrone Double Sniper 
 Link Monsters 
 Altergeist Memorygant 
 Berserker of the Tenyi 
 Gouki The Giant Ogre 
 
 Flashbacks Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Firewall Dragon Darkfluid 
 Perfectron Hydradrive Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cynet Closure 
 Traps 
 Fake Trap 
 Trivia 
 This is the last Japanese episode of a  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime series to air in the 2010s. 
 Just like in the previous  two   seasons , the final episode ends with an opening song. In this case, it's  With the Wind . 
 Ai's true reason and demise in some way resembles the situation of Anakin Skywalker in the  Star Wars  trilogy.
 Protagonist (Ai/Anakin) became an antagonist upon seeing a vision of their friend's demise (Yusaku's death when protecting Ai and Amidala's death during pregnancy, respectively). 
 Later on, the antagonists (Ai/Darth Vader) are defeated by related protagonists (Yusaku, who is Ai's Origin, and Luke, who is Anakin's son) before they die in the victor's arms. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS   season 3 episodes 
 #104 " Your Reign is Over " #105 " Unlikely Alliance " #106 " Roboppi Mops Up " #107 " Cleaning House " #108 " Smash and Mash " #109 " Al vs Ai " #110 " Siblings and Circuits " #111 " Stronger Together " #112 " All Hail Roboppi! " #113 " Roboppi's World " #114 " The Chosen One " #115 " Unfinished Business " #116 " Stuck in the Past " #117 " Forced Hands " #118 " Alone Together " #119 " A Losing Battle " #120 " Journey's End " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/11/Vrains_120.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190926181300', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/Ai_unknown_status.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20190925165536']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS episodes, Articles needing cleanup