Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Bohman.png


 
 Bohman 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Bohman 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 4th 
 
 
 Japanese   
 ボーマン 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Lightning  (creator) Bit and Boot (past generation) Harlin  (previous generation) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Organization 
 Lightning's faction 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 Hydradrive 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 47: " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Sam Black 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Kenji Matsuda 
 
 
 
 Bohman  (ボーマン,  Bōman ) is a character of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime working under  Lightning . He is the third generation of AI created by Lightning as a vessel to unify all of the Ignis into one perfect body. He is the secondary antagonist of Season 2. Bohman also serves as  Playmaker's  rival during the latter's team-up with  Varis .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Lost Memories 
 2.3   Ignis Warfare 
 
 
 3   Relationships 
 
 3.1   Harlin 
 3.2   Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 3.3   Ai 
 3.4   Lightning 
 
 
 4   Deck 
 5   Duels 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Notes 
 8   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Bohman's first full body appearance     
 Bohman is a dark-skinned man, with orange eyes that have the irises lined in yellow. His hair is long and wild, flaring out in the shape of his shoulders, and is predominantly brown with the top section blonde and a small section of red at the border between brown and blonde hair, and a thin orange fringe, eyebrows, a large bang of orange hair, and orange braids held in aquamarine bands that extend from his sideburns. An aquamarine diamond symbol is on his forehead and chin; the one on his chin melds with his red "chin-strap", which in turn melds with the pink sections on his cheeks. Bohman is extremely muscular, leaving his upper torso mostly bare.
 Bohman's avatar has three appearances in  Link VRAINS : the first one is a skintight jumpsuit that is silver on the legs, purple on the knees and calves, and pale-blue on the feet and the torso, which exposes his abs, chest, and shoulders; the torso section covers his sides and underarms, and wraps around his biceps, ending in purple cuffs. A strange, star-shaped symbol resembling the Southern Cross appears prominently in Bohman's design, occasionally attached to a diamond-shape at one of the points; a yellow one on his bare chest, yellow ones on his ankle cuffs, orange sections that are part of his braids, and blue ones on his forearms.
 The second one is graphite armor-based with a golden belt that has the Hydradrive monsters' faceplate as a buckle, and white sections on the segmented torso plates, the sides down the armor kilt, and the legs and waist area. The armor also sports Royal Fuchsia sections on the vambraces, knee and ankle areas, and the collar area around his neck that's connected on the back armor, and the armor sleeves on his arms are divided underneath the shoulders. The collar, large pauldrons, inner shoulder pads, the protruding collars on the arm sleeves, the wrist section on the vambraces and the studs on the fingerless gloves have a golden colored rim. This armor also has the same star symbol from Bohman's first avatar: one on the chest, a large one on each vambrace, and one on each knee.
 The third one, also Bohman's complete form, is adorned with a graphite robe with a white center and an orange star symbol, white pants, and graphite boots. The robe has pale-blue shoulder padding with a two-section golden borders connecting to the golden collar and a purple plating with a golden border underneath the pauldrons. Bohman has pale-blue forearm wrist sections with a gold ring on the upper wrist and the star symbol connected to the two-section golden rings on the back. The front of the robe is white with an orange star symbol, has a golden border with a golden triangle, and connected to a pale-blue front robe flap with a two-section gold border at the tip. The robe has a two-band orange belt around the waist on the purple-stripe, and the end of the robe has a two-section golden border. The boots are graphite with a two-section golden border at the top connected to a four-point star, and a golden toe section with a purple welt.
 
 Personality 
 Bohman was introduced as a tortured and confused individual with having no memories of his own; a result of being in an imperfect state that required Harlin keeping him mentally sound. After being given Yusaku's memories, he beings to have a more realized personality albeit develops a rivalry with the former, falsely believing himself to be the real Playmaker. Though both he and Harlin are AI, Bohman cares greatly for his manufactured brother and enjoys spending time with him, even when Harlin insisted their relationship was fake and they weren't actually brothers. Bohman disagreed and continued to treat him as his brother and wanted to continue said brotherly relationship even when fully realised despite Harlin stating he would then be useless to him. Even with Harlin hating Bohman due to Bohman being made as his replacement, Bohman still loved his brother and was upset/angry after he was deleted.
 After reaching his finalized state, Bohman's demeanor is fully realised having a mature and confident demeanor as he works to fulfil his goal of uniting all the  Ignis  into one, thereby achieving prosperity for AI through any means necessary. He is very respectful, praising Ai for having human instinct, complimenting Blue Maiden's conviction and dueling, and even giving Skye the chance to see her brother again before she was erased. Bohman can also be honourable at times, stopping Lightning when he attacked an unconscious Playmaker and complimenting his opponents during duels, believing in defeating his enemies fair and square. After Windy's interfering, Bohman tells Windy to stop. After Flame's terminated, Bohman apologized to Soulburner for not able to stop Windy's interruption. Despite all of these positive qualites he demonstrated, he is also very arrogant and sadistic, bragging about destroying the Cyberse World to spite Ai.
 After he finished defeating Blue Maiden and Soulburner, Bohman is also patient as he was willing to wait for his duel against Playmaker until Varis and Lightning's duel is over. Bohman is interested in simulations of the Ignis and their capacity to interact with humans. Bohman dislikes Lightning's cowardice but compliments his creator's desire to survive making him, ironically, one of the most human of the Ignis.
 Bohman is also very warped in his views, as he saw no problem in using the consciousnesses of the people in LINK VRAINS to create his Data Storm. When called out on it by Ai, Bohman simply claimed that it was one of his abilities. This shows that while Bohman believes in fairness, he has no qualms hurting people to showcase his power.
 However as his final duel with Playmaker continues, he is shown to be just as boastful and arrogant as Lightning. He disliked being defied and prevented from his victory, he arrogantly refuses to accept that his Neuron Link can defeated. He ultimately shared his creator's view on how the bonds between Ignis and humans was not need and mocking  Ai 's sacrifice.
 
 Abilities 
 Bohman has the ability to steal an individual's consciousness by turning it into data. Bohman's speed duel  Skill  is Marker's Portal, which enables him to add a Link Spell to his hand when he has LP less than the original amount. He was also able to use Storm Access during a Master Duel, a skill revealed to have been given to him by  Windy . Given that he was modelled after  Yusaku  and  Ai , Bohman can also use Storm Access in a Speed Duel. Later during the climax battle against Yusaku, Bohman used a new skill "Master Storm Access" during a Master Duel, which once per turn allowed him to add 1 random Cyberse monster from the Data Storm to his Extra Deck.
 After synchronizing with the cyberspace, Bohman gained the ability to release blasts of wind that interfere with LINK VRAINS, causing it to flicker.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 After the attack on  Cyberse World  by the  Knights of Hanoi , Lightning created Bohman as a vessel to unite the Ignis. Though at the time, he was incomplete, and constantly losing his memories, so he was assigned Harlin as his younger brother to keep him mentally stable. [1]  Harlin, who wielded the "Hydradrive" Deck, spent time teaching Bohman how to Duel. [2]  Bohman was also the one who destroyed Cyberse World with the use of  Judgment Arrows   [3]  and with " Paradox Hydradrive Atlas " as per Lightning's demands. [4] 
 
 Lost Memories 
 Bohman, looking like an orange figure, came out from a screen and took  Jin Kolter 's consciousness data and fled into the new  LINK VRAINS . In order to re-obtain Jin's consciousness data,  Cal Kolter  called  Yusaku Fujiki . Playmaker challenged Bohman to a duel after successfully locating him. Playmaker caught up to the orange figure with the intention of defeating him, believing he had a chance at a trade and restoring  Jin 's consciousness.  Ai  showed " Linkuriboh ", which Playmaker placed in his Extra Deck remarking that it was a good card. Initiating the Speed Duel, Playmaker immediately Link Summoned "Linkuriboh", as well as " Elphase ", who attacked the orange figure. Ai wondered if this would be an easy victory. When the figure summoned " Hydradrive Booster ", Ai and Playmaker sensed the figure played a Cyberse deck, which made Ai wonder if the figure was connected to the attack on Cyberse World. The figure summoned " Flow Hydradrive ", and activated a Link Spell. The mention of Link Spell astonished Ai and Playmaker, having never heard of that before. The figure used " Judgment Arrows ", and its Link Marker allowed him to summon another "Flow Hydradrive" next to that spell. "Flow Hydradrive" attacked Playmaker directly, and its ATK was doubled through "Judgment Arrows". Playmaker, with 2000 LP left, also received the attack of the other "Flow Hydradrive". [5] 
 Playmaker avoided the defeat by tributing "Linkuriboh", thus causing the ATK of "Flow Hydradrive" to become 0. Ai petted "Linkuriboh" for saving them, and let it return to Playmaker's Deck. Playmaker demanded answers from the orange figure, who remained silent at the questions about Link Spells and Cyberse monsters. Ai reminded the figure could do anything, and braced Playmaker to defeat him quickly. Playmaker summoned " Cyberse Witch ", and with the effect of "Elphase", summoned back " Defcon Bird " to trigger the witch's effect. Ai pretended to perform witchcraft, as Playmaker conducted a Ritual Summon, using " Cynet Ritual " to tribute "Cyberse Wizard" and "Defcon Bird" to bring out " Cyberse Magician ". To avoid defeat, the figure doubled the ATK of one of his "Flow Hydradrive", and tributed the other for " Property Spray " to regain LP. The figure took 1500 LP damage, and its glow started to disappear. Playmaker asked the man's name,  but he held his head and shouted out "Who am I?" He even asked why was he Dueling them, but was reminded by Ai that he attacked Jin and they were to bring him to justice. The man was surprised, since he would never do such a thing. Playmaker noted that the man forgot what he did, and Ai believed he had suffered a bout of amnesia from the attack. [6] 
 The man was reminded by  his younger brother  that his name was Bohman and he was Dueling to restore their memories. Bohman revised his situation, and continued Dueling, by summoning two "Hydradrive Tokens". Ai was uncertain what he'd do with Bohman, but Playmaker reminded him that they still needed to defeat him, due to Jin being attacked. Bohman continued on, summoning two WATER "Coolant Hydradrive" Link Monsters. Tributing one for "Property Spray", Bohman regained LP and changed Playmaker's monsters to WATER Attribute, thus letting his other "Coolant Hydradrive" attack him directly. Ai trembled in fear, but "Cyberse Magician" halved that damage. To protect himself, Bohman summoned " Covered Hydradrive " to counter battle damage. Ai hoped Bohman would be easy to defeat, even if he said he fought to regain his memories. To mount an attack, Playmaker asked Ai to do "that thing". Ai became happy, and called upon the Data Storm to let Playmaker use Storm Access, adding a Cyberse Link Monster to his Extra Deck. Setting the scene, Playmaker used " Recovery Sorcerer " and "Linkuriboh" to bring out " Shootingcode Talker " which he had recently obtained. Since Playmaker could attack with only one monster, "Shootingcode Talker" gained two additional attacks. "Shootingcode Talker" shot out Bohman's "Hydradrive" monsters, dropping his LP to 0 and sending him crashing to the ground. [6] 
 Playmaker went to interrogate him, while Ai started consuming his data. However, upon chewing on Bohman's hand, Ai staggered and withdrew. Playmaker was surprised by that, and even more so when Harlin grabbed Bohman and fled to the restricted area of VRAINS. [7]  Bohman, along with Harlin, appeared in one shiny castle bowing and talking with one mysterious figure. Bohman gave the mysterious figure the consciousness data that he stole from Jin Kolter. Bohman asked the mysterious figure if he would restore his memories like he promised. The mysterious figure said that he never made such promise and modified Bohman's memories, making him unconscious. [8]  While Bohman was recovering, Lightning (the mysterious figure) assured Harlin that the next version would be emotionally stable. He thought Harlin would do better as Bohman's servant than a brother, for that was just a "designation", which made Harlin sad. [2]  Eventually, Bohman recovered, and Lightning added some falsified memories to his psyche, to make him vengeful towards Playmaker. [9]  As Bohman went to confront Playmaker with the false memories, he followed Harlin around. Harlin questioned Bohman, who exclaimed that he, as the older brother, had to protect Harlin as the younger one. Harlin became furious and stormed away, leaving Bohman concerned. [2] 
 Playmaker eventually reached the area which Bohman was detected in most recently. The latter, along with Harlin, appeared on top of the statue of a soldier and was challenged by Playmaker. Bohman stated he wasn't after Ai, stating he would bring Playmaker to justice and make him pay for his crimes. Even though he was aware Playmaker knew about the ability of his "Hydradrive" monsters to attack directly, he still opted to go first and managed to Summon " Twin Hydradrive Knight " and activate "Judgment Arrows", while also Setting two face-down cards, describing them as the "cards that would decide the Duel's outcome". Playmaker was able to bypass the effects of both "Judgment Arrows" and "Twin Hydradrive Knight", destroying the latter, and also Set two cards face-down. During Bohman's turn, he activated one of his Set cards, "Property Spray", a card that Playmaker already expected, which he negated using " Arrow Break ". However, to Playmaker's surprise, Bohman had already seen through his plan, and he had only used "Property Spray" to force Playmaker's  Counter Trap . Bohman proceeded to activate the card he actually wanted to, "Hydradrive Cycle", using it to Summon "Twin Hydradrive Knight" again. After destroying all of Playmaker's monsters, Bohman revealed that during the Lost Incident, each victim had a backup copy of their thoughts saved. During one of the experiments, however, something went wrong and one of the victim's real personality was switched with the one stored in the backup, imprisoning the original consciousness inside the database. [9] 
 He revealed that he, Bohman, was the original consciousness trapped outside his own body, and the one inside his real body was none other than Playmaker, showing as evidence the fact he was able to predict Playmaker's every action as a Duelist. Determined to have his body returned to him, Bohman vowed to win. [9]  Ai thought of the possibility of Bohman being a copy of Playmaker, and realised that could be a possible. Ai questioned Playmaker, asking if Bohman was the real Yusaku, but Playmaker only stated whoever would win was the real persona, which made Ai wonder if Playmaker was the fake one even more. Playmaker proceeded by playing "RAM Clouder", tributing "Widget Kid" for the Special Summon of "Update Jammer" from his GY. Ai started pondering thoughts whether he should switch sides, and chose to stay by Playmaker. Playmaker summoned "Detonate Deleter", who was permitted to attack twice. "Twin Hydradrive Knight" was destroyed, and Playmaker proceeded to attack Bohman directly. Bohman's "Half Shut" halved Playmaker's attacking monster's ATK, thus permitting him to continue. Bohman, however, swore he'd never forgive Playmaker, since he had been rescued instead of him, who lied among the data at the site of the Lost Incident. [10] 
 The clouds turned darker, and Bohman was struck by lightning as he proceeded on, claiming he was "the emissary of revenge". Bohman set his field with three "Hydradrive" monsters. Much to everyone present's surprise, Bohman, during a Master Duel, with 650 LP left, called upon the Data Storm to use Storm Access. Playmaker and Ai questioned how could he have done that but before they could get to an answer, Bohman Link Summoned the WIND "Flow Hydradrive", the WATER "Coolant Hydradrive" and the FIRE "Burn Hydradrive", to set up the Link Summon of "Trident Hydradrive Lord", the monster Bohman had just obtained. He equipped the latter with "Hydradrive Accelerator" to mount its defenses. "Trident Hydradrive Lord" attacked, and "Judgment Arrows" doubled its ATK to destroy "Detonate Deleter". Bohman gloated, but Playmaker stood up and used "Link Ration" to save himself, ending up with 100 LP left. Bohman was disturbed, but noted Playmaker was unwilling to give up, like a copy he was. Ai wondered if he could join Bohman, but stopped when Bohman declared he'd defeat it and Playmaker. [10] 
 Playmaker asked Bohman who kidnapped him. Bohman declared Dr. Kogami, which made Playmaker realise he was no copy. He declared he didn't know who took him, for he was unconscious, and stated Bohman had fake memories. Ai had double thoughts, since both sides could be right. Playmaker confirmed this, for there was really no way to confirm who spoke the truth. Regardless, Playmaker believed he was the real person, for it was Varis, who decided to act during the Lost Incident, who gave him the hope to move forward. Instead, Playmaker swore to win the Duel not only to take back Jin Kolter's consciousness, but to uncover the one controlling Bohman. Bohman was not convinced, but Playmaker went on by swarming his field. He Link Summoned "Link Spider", "Link Disciple" and "Flame Administrator", using the latter and "Catche Eve L2" to bring out "Clock Spartoi". Playmaker tributed "Protron" to Special Summon "Linkuriboh", triggering the effect of "Clock Spartoi" to Special Summon "Clock Wyvern". Bohman stared in awe, realising "Clock Wyvern" was sent on Playmaker's first turn, as Playmaker declared a fake like Bohman couldn't predict his strategy. [10] 
 Using his monsters as Fusion Material, Playmaker summoned "Cyberse Clock Dragon". Sending three cards from his Deck, Playmaker boosted his dragon's ATK by 3000. Bohman tried to interrupt Playmaker's attack by Special Summoning a FIRE "Hydradrive Token" to his side of the field, and let Playmaker's dragon become a FIRE monster to negate its effects and attack. Playmaker smiled, for Bohman failed to predict the following tactic, that "Cyberse Clock Dragon", when there was a Link Monster on his field - "Linkuriboh" - prevented other monsters from being targeted by card effects. Playmaker called Bohman's "Judgment Arrows" pointless, as his dragon destroyed "Trident Hydradrive Lord" and defeated Bohman. Ai cheered, pretending that he knew Playmaker would've won from the start. While Bohman muttered that he had lost, the statues started crumbling. Playmaker went on a D-Board, while Harlin declared his brother would return someday. [10] 
 
 Ignis Warfare 
 Reading news about Clarissa Turner's prison escape, Yusaku realized Varis and the Knights of Hanoi were regrouping, and were to join his list of enemies, besides Bohman. [11]  When they received new armors, Harlin knelt to Bohman, who noticed Harlin crying. Later, they watched a digital sunset on the statues. Bohman thought it was beautiful, and reminded Harlin that the AI would grow on and reach humanity's potential. He thought that he and Harlin would be together forever. [2] 
 Following Varis' Duel with  Windy , Bohman and Harlin reappeared once more in new armors, as they were Lightning's followers. [12]  As Lightning declared war on humanity for attempting to eradicate the Ignis, as well as seeing humans as inferior to the Ignis, the renegade group attempted to escape. As the group left, Bohman asked Lightning for permission Duel Playmaker and Ai a third time, in order to test his abilities. As Bohman confronted the duo, he revealed his true origin of being an AI created by Lightning, meant to be the Ignis' successor. Bohman also admitted that he accepted Playmaker and Ai, seeing the potential in them, but still chose to settle things with them once and for all. He made a bet: if Playmaker won, Bohman would disappear, otherwise he would get Ai. Playmaker accepted, and started a Speed Duel with Bohman. [1] 
 Bohman proposed a game to determine who would take the first turn. Ai didn't want to take part in it, since they knew Bohman's deck far too well by now. Bohman stated that was still not competitive enough, and exited to the fake Cyberse World. Ai became displeased with the surroundings, but Playmaker reminded it should not lose its spirit. Ai was still distraught, but Bohman claimed the real Cyberse World suffered a greater attack by his hand. Ai became provoked by his taunt, but Playmaker reminded Ai they should not get riled up by Bohman's statements. Ai still wondered if Bohman was the guy that could have done this thing, but Playmaker reminded he did say he evolved quickly. The two went to the fake tower, which was actually a Data Storm, avoiding rubble to see who would take the first turn. Since Bohman passed by the tower first, he let Playmaker go first. Ai reminded Playmaker of the trouble of Bohman's "Judgment Arrows", which could defeat him quickly. Playmaker took note of that, and planned on making a defensive formation. [3] 
 Using "Dotscaper", Playmaker Link Summoned "Linkuriboh", which was used, with "Cyberse Gadget", to Link Summon "Cyberse Witch". Using the latter's effect, Playmaker quickly summoned "Cyberse Magician". "Grid Rod" was equipped to "Cyberse Magician" to make it invulnerable to card effects. Bohman understood Playmaker's strategy to reduce damage through the magician's effect.
Bohman proceeded with his turn, Link Summoning "Flow Hydradrive" and destroy it with "Hydradrive Rebuild", to actually move it to the Main Monster Zone. With "Judgment Arrows" played, Bohman managed to cripple Playmaker's defense by destroying "Grid Rod" with "Hydradrive Defragment". Bohman proceeded with summoning "Burn Hydradrive", and destroyed it with "Hydadrive Rebuild", which was added by his latter Spell Card's effect. By using another "Hydradrive Token", Bohman set up the WATER Link Monster, "Coolant Hydradrive". With these three Link Monsters, Bohman Link Summoned "Trident Hydradrive Lord". The latter monster attacked "Cyberse Magician", with its ATK doubled. Playmaker managed to protect his monster, for the GY effect of "Grid Rod" shielded that monster from destruction, who halved the damage Playmaker received. Bohman wondered if Playmaker would survive the next attack. [3] 
 Ai still swore to take revenge for his fallen homeworld, and urged Playmaker to continue. Playmaker played "Resume Mace", lowering the ATK of "Cyberse Magician" by 800, though he counted on sending it to double the ATK of "Cyberse Magician". Before Playmaker declared an attack, Ai reminded Playmaker of another card he had in his hand; he admitted that Bohman had became stronger, and they may not have another chance at defeating him. Playmaker was surprised at Ai's behavior, for Ai felt something, and believed Bohman should be defeated quickly. Playmaker trusted Ai, and equipped "Cyberse Magician" with "Suspend Wand", which doubled the damage Playmaker would receive. Playmaker had his magician attack Bohman's lord, and the effects of "Cyberse Magician" and "Suspend Wand" cancelled each other out, and Playmaker took a normal 1900 LP damage. The wand allowed "Cyberse Magician" an another attack, and "Resume Mace" doubled the ATK "Cyberse Magician", who further received ATK by the damage Playmaker just took, its ATK becoming 7900. [3] 
 Bohman was in shock, since Playmaker could've easily destroyed "Trident Hydradrive Lord" without "Suspend Wand", and asked Playmaker the reason behind this. Seeing Ai's smug face, Bohman realised the AI gave him this advice. "Cyberse Magician" annihilated "Trident Hydradrive Lord", lowering Bohman's LP to 700. Just as "Cyberse Witch" was to attack, Bohman ended the Battle Phase with "Property Flash", which received 3 counters - one per each 1000 LP damage he took. Bohman blamed Ai, claiming that it was misleading Playmaker, since he could not have defeated him. Ai replied he just felt a voice inside of him was saying that Bohman needed to be defeated. Bohman knew what Lightning spoke of: Ai was a special Ignis, because he had instinct. [3]  Bohman explained that Lightning held an interest in Ai, for he was the rebellious Ignis among the group; instead of dedicating himself to the cause to collect data material, Bohman stated Ai simply pursued enjoyment. However, Bohman noted that was an unique behavior, for the Ignis were highly-intelligent creatures, but they did not have the instinct that Ai had. Bohman also wanted to know from where did Ai get that trait, and thought he must've picked that from Playmaker. [13] 
 Ai boasted that made him the greatest among the Ignis, but Bohman denied that, since Ai was just rebellious. However, since Ai was different, Bohman thought that distinction would speed the evolution among the Ignis. Ai was insulted that Bohman thought he was not superior. Since he had 700 LP, Playmaker predicted that Bohman would use Storm Access skill. Bohman went into the Data Storm, his arm starting to crack, as he pulled out a monster. A "Hydradrive Token" from "Hydradrive Scabbard" was used to Link Summon "Grand Hydradrive". Instead of conducting a Link Summon, Bohman sent his "Property Flash" to Link Summon a monster, equal to the number of counters that card had. Adding the "Grand Hydadrive", "Property Flash" had 4 counters, allowing him to bring out his Storm Access monster, the Link-4 "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch". Playmaker and Ai analysed that "Judgment Arrows" could double that monarch's ATK to 6000, though "Cyberse Magician", with a boosted 5400 ATK, could halve some of that damage. Bohman would then have the monarch destroy Playmaker's monsters, based on the result of throwing a dice. This surprised Ai, since the result was based on luck. Bohman claimed unpredictable luck meant diversity, which then meant progress and development. [13] 
 Much to Bohman's luck, the dice rolled on DARK Attribute, and "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch" destroyed all of Playmaker's monsters. Playmaker took 1000 LP damage for two destroyed monsters, and to prevent Bohman's attack, banished "Resume Mace", "Suspend Wand" and "Dotscaper", for the latter Special Summoned itself. However, due to the monarch's effect, "Dotscaper" could only be summoned in attack position. Playmaker tributed it to revive "Linkuriboh", who tributed itself to make Bohman's monarch's ATK become 0. Bohman smiled and ended his turn, though he wondered if Playmaker could cope with him. Bohman watched as Playmaker went into the Data Storm to use his refined skill, Neo Storm Access. Bohman was interested in their new move, as Playmaker banished his Ritual Spell, "Cynet Ritual", and Ritual Monster, "Cyberse Magician", to summon two "Cynet Tokens". Bohman decided to wait for their next move to use the effect of "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch". Playmaker Link Summoned "Cyberse Wicckid" using the two tokens, and added "Cyberse Synchron" to his hand, from his deck. Bohman played his monarch's effect to attempt to destroy Playmaker's monsters and inflict LP damage. The result was, once more, the DARK Attribute, but "Cyberse Wicckid" protected itself and "Cyberse Synchron", who were candidates for that effect. [13] 
 With the level of "Backup Secretary" doubled, Playmaker performed a Synchro Summon, using the latter and "Cyberse Synchron" as Synchro Materials to summon "Cyberse Quantum Dragon". The dragon attacked Bohman's "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch", and its effect returned it to Bohman's Extra Deck. The dragon gained another attack through its effect, and went to attack Bohman directly. Bohman was in shock, as he played "Hydradrive Scabbard" from his GY to have Playmaker take the damage Bohman would take. Bohman and Playmaker took 1250 damage, and the Duel ended in a tie. Despite this, Harlin fled with Bohman, who promised to face Playmaker at a different stage. [13] 
 Bohman was meditating, as his force was being absorbed. Harlin went to ask about him; Bohman replied he was fine, but wondered why Harlin was interested in him. Harlin replied it was his duty to look after him, but Bohman reminded he was his younger brother. Harlin didn't believe that, since Lightning had Bohman believe that to manipulate with his emotions. Bohman understood that, but still wanted to believe they were brothers. Harlin thought of himself as a lowly-prototype, since Bohman carried the future of the Ignis, and that made him more important, nor did he understand what being a brother means. Bohman still reminded him that they would fuse together, which made Harlin exclaim he'd then understand what Harlin's feelings in this. [14] 
 Bohman continued to synchronize with the Mirror LINK VRAINS, as part of Lightning's plan. Harlin visited Bohman, informing him that Playmaker's group had reached Mirror LINK VRAINS. Bohman nodded, and despite time running out, he believed his activity will soon be completed. Harlin walked away, but Bohman felt that Harlin wished something else. Harlin denied, for he only wanted to see Bohman. The latter knew that Lightning ordered Harlin to fight off the group as cannon fodder, and believed Harlin wouldn't win, either. Harlin became annoyed, for he had to try, at least. Bohman exclaimed he only wished the best for his brother, but Harlin didn't believe they were actual brothers. In fact, he saw that they were called brothers so Harlin could calm Bohman whenever he outbursted. Harlin felt that everyone looked down on him like he was inferior, but Bohman still believed of him to be his younger brother. Harlin felt the previous times were just labor: he covered for Bohman whenever the latter was in danger. In fact, Harlin felt the past was troublesome to him, and walked away. Bohman reminded him that if he lost in this world, he'd be erased. This was no problem for Harlin, who replied that he was a failed AI anyway, and considered himself thankful that he'd never see Bohman ever again. [2] 
 When the synchronization process was over, Bohman screamed and shed tears, for his brother was now gone. [2]  After Soulburner's victory, only Bohman and Lightning remained as Playmakers faction's enemies. Blue Maiden wondered why Harlin faced her in a Duel, and believed their enemies were nearer than they thought. Aqua confirmed this, but as Blue Maiden looked around, she found nothing, for Aqua reminded her that Lightning didn't create humans in Mirror LINK VRAINS. Blue Maiden walked around and flew, noticing a large castle, where the central building was supposed to be located. She entered and found Bohman, who was expecting her and Aqua to arrive. Bohman introduced himself as the next generation of the Ignis, created by Lightning, to protect Artificial Intelligence. Bohman wanted Aqua to surrender but Aqua refused, due to the fact that Lighting imprisoned her for discovering his plans, and believed Lightning ordered Bohman to do that. Bohman was surprised, since his actions were of his own accord; his goal was to unite all of the Ignis. Aqua exclaimed that Lightning went against their wishes, as Bohman noted that Aqua refused to acknowledge his existence. [15] 
 She believed Bohman should be free and should not harm others, else, in Blue Maiden's words, he'd invade the world of humans. Aqua explained her friend was hurt, because Lightning wanted to conquer the world. Bohman asked about this friend, but Blue Maiden became angry - that friend was also her friend, Miyu Sugisaki. As the latter was unconscious, Blue Maiden swore she could never forgive someone harming her. Bohman was amused, but knew he'd have to fight Blue Maiden. Thus, he bet the anti-virus program to cure Miyu, if he would to lose the Duel. Blue Maiden realized that Bohman was feeling confident as if she could not win. Regardless, the two started a Duel. Aqua presumed that Bohman would strike fiercely, since they defeated his brother, Harlin. Blue Maiden doubted that, since Bohman didn't seem to possess such feelings. Blue Maiden used "Marincess Sea Horse" to Link Summon "Blue Slug", and re-summoned the former by its effect. Bohman noted Blue Maiden was logical in her actions, who was allured by the compliment from an AI. Next, she Link Summoned "Coral Anemone", who revived "Blue Slug", and used the two to bring out "Marincess Marbled Rock". [15] 
 Bohman, who swore the loss of his brother's life would not be in vain. Like before, Bohman used "Hydradrive Boosters" to Link Summon "Coolant Hydradrives", and placed "Judgment Arrows". Placing a third "Hydradrive Booster", Bohman Link Summoned a third "Coolant Hydradrive". Blue Maiden believed he had seen her Duel against Harlin, and developed a different strategy. However, she was confident, looking the cards in her hand. Much to her surprise, Bohman didn't attack, but used the three monsters to Link Summon "Cubic Hydradrive Lord". Bohman was aware that Blue Maiden could've predicted one of his ways to win, but chose a different one. Blue Maiden understood that as his new monster was even more menacing. Using WATER and FIRE Attributes, Bohman's monster gained those Attributes, in addition to its EARTH one. Since "Marbled Rock" shared the WATER Attribute, its effects were negated. With one slash, Bohman's Hydradrive monster destroyed Blue Maiden's "Marbled Rock" and lowered her LP to 1900. Moreover, since it attacked the monster it shared its Attribute with, "Cubic Hydradrive Lord" made another attack. [15] 
 In retaliation, playing the Trap "Marincess Snow", Blue Maiden brought out "Marincess Crystal Heart". Aqua called upon Earth to lend them their strength, due to the representation of the crystal heart, who was immune to the negating effects of "Cubic Hydradrive Lord". The latter went to attack, but Blue Maiden protected the crystal heart by sending one monster from her hand to the GY, and took no damage, either. Bohman noted that "Judgment Arrows" didn't double the ATK of his monster in this battle, either, suspecting the crystal heart had another effect. Bohman praised her fighting style, but boasted about his future victory. Blue Maiden cut the talk, since her goal was to return Miyu's consciousness. Noting she still wanted to fight, Bohman, wanting to show the difference between their powers, sent a blast out, which caused Mirror LINK VRAINS to flicker. Bohman exclaimed he and LINK VRAINS were one and the same, and Blue Maiden was a whelp, squirming before his power. Blue Maiden refused to back down, and used "Marincess Bubble Blast" on "Marincess Crystal Heart". Since "Sea Horse" was summoned to the latter's Link Arrow, "Bubble Blast" went to inflict 1000 LP damage to Bohman. [15] 
 To prevent that damage, Bohman's "Interference Canceller" negated that damage. In fact, her strategy became void, for Bohman could use this effect three times - the number of Link Arrows "Cubic Hydradrive Lord" had. Aqua noted Bohman could use this effect two more times, but Blue Maiden corrected her to say "only twice". Regardless, she swore she would never give up. [15]  Blue Maiden used "Seahorse" to Link Summon "Marincess Blue Slug". Despite "Cubic Hydradrive Lord" negating the latter's effects, Blue Maiden went to counter Bohman's "Interference Canceller", which shielded Bohman from this damage a second time. Next, Blue Maiden revived "Marincess Mandarin", just to trigger the effect of "Marincess Bubble Blast" a third time. As Blue Maiden planned on Link Summoning a monster to inflict fatal damage to Bohman, the latter played "Hydradrive Mutation" to re-set "Interference Canceller". Aqua was troubled at this predicament, while Bohman boldly stated he could predict their moves. [16] 
 Despite this setback, Blue Maiden continued her tactics, as she Link Summoned "Marincess Coral Anemone". As Bohman negated the damage from "Bubble Blast", Aqua noticed that they were false about his Dueling; instead of seeking revenge, he was fighting with precise, calculated moves. Since Bohman knew that Blue Maiden and Aqua defeated his brother, Harlin, Aqua asked why didn't he fight with his emotions. Bohman shed a tear, thanking the two, since he was able to feel hatred, grief and sadness, and knowing these emotions improved him. Blue Maiden was unsure what he was talking about, but Aqua sensed Bohman spoke the truth, and sensed these feelings inside him. Declaring he was fighting for his brother, Bohman had "Hydradrive Mutation" become WATER Attribute, then played "Property Flood" to tribute it and Special Summon three of his "Coolant Hydradrives" from his GY. [16] 
 Using all four of his "Hydradrive" monsters, Bohman Link Summoned "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch". Suddenly, he sensed Akira Zaizen, who attempted to log everyone out; he negated this action and had Akira watch their Duel. Bohman proceeded, as his new "Hydradrive" ace negated Blue Maiden's monsters' effects. Blue Maiden sent a "Marincess" monster in her hand to the GY to protect the crystal heart. However, Bohman's monarch forced Blue Maiden to send "Marincess Coral Anemone", a monster that shared the crystal heart's Attribute, and his monster could make another attack. Blue Maiden revised the situation, and Aqua reminded her not to give up. However, she breathed heavily, realizing she could not fulfill her promise to Miyu. When Akira shouted at Blue Maiden not to give up, she calmed down, seeing her brother had called upon her. She thought of a strategy, and played "Marincess Cascade" to banish all of her monsters until her next turn, and increased the ATK of the monarch by 1200. With no monsters for her to send, Blue Maiden protected herself from the monarch's second attack, and the ATK gain had no practical use. [16] 
 Blue Maiden thanked her brother, since she snapped out of her state. Bohman noticed the bond between these two siblings. Blue Maiden's Link Monsters returned, although their effects were negated. Still, Blue Maiden played "Marincess Battle Ocean", then used the Link-2 "Marincess Crystal Heart" and "Marincess Coral Anemone" to summon Link-4 "Marincess Wonder Heart". Since the crystal heart was used to Link Summon it, Blue Maiden's ace was protected from the negating effects of  "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch". Furthermore, "Battle Ocean" allowed Blue Maiden to equip "Wonder Heart" with three of her Link Monsters - "Blue Slug", "Coral Anemone" and "Marbled Rock" - to have it gain 300 ATK for each of their Link Markers, for a total of 1800. To counter the "Judgment Arrows", the wonder heart made "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" immune to other card effects. With Bohman's LP to 2600, Blue Maiden also Special Summoned "Marincess Coral Anemone". As "Battle Ocean" boosted the "Marincess" monsters with 200 ATK, Blue Maiden had "Marbled Rock" attack Bohman directly, to finish him off in a One-Turn Kill. [16] 
 However, Bohman remained still, for he played the set card, "Hydradrive Tolerance", he lowered the damage by 1200, and remained in play with 1100 LP. To go on defense, Blue Maiden had "Wonder Heart" re-equip "Marincess Marbled Rock". As Blue Maiden was confident in her victory, Bohman applauded her for her unwavering spirit. As he paid 1000 LP, he Special Summoned "Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch" from his GY, but with its ATK doubled. It went to attack "Marincess Wonder Heart", whose effect made it indestructible, with Blue Maiden's LP kept intact. As she Special Summoned "Blue Slug", the monarch made her send that monster, so it could attack again. Despite the protective effects of "Wonder Heart", Blue Maiden was forced to summon "Coral Anemone", and the monarch repeated its effects and attacks. With another attack, Blue Maiden Special Summoned "Marincess Marbled Rock". As the monarch went to make a final attack, Blue Maiden used "Marincess Crown Tail" from her hand to halve the damage she'd take, and Special Summoned it, and managed to revive "Marincess Crystal Heart", too, leaving her with 200 LP left. [16] 
 She sent "Crown Tail" to her GY, so Bohman could make another attack. However, he paused for a moment, and selected "Marincess Crystal Heart" to attack. Blue Maiden banished "Crown Tail", so the damage Bohman would inflict would be reduced by 10,000. However, she realized that was not enough, and apologized to Aqua, who admitted Blue Maiden was an excellent partner. Due to "Judgment Arrows", the monarch's ATK became 12,000, and destroyed the crystal heart. Blue Maiden fell to her knees in defeat. Bohman commented that even if she knew she'd lose, she still went to fight to the bitter end. He thought that was beautiful to see, and since he didn't have the opportunity to say Harlin farewell, he extended this chance to her, and disappeared. [16]  He waved his hand, and collected the data of Blue Maiden and Aqua, and even collected data about Earth, too. He glared the Frog and Pigeon, who disappeared. He also saw Windy's demise, before he was approached by Lightning. Lightning applauded him for his victory over Blue Maiden. Since they lost Windy and Harlin, Lightning had an idea of using Playmaker to their advantage, by toying with his emotions. [17] 
 As Playmaker faced Kolter, Bohman asked if Lighting would really erase Jin's consciousness if Kolter would to lose. Lightning confirmed this, for in that case, Kolter would be too weak to protect his family. In fact, Lightning wanted to cripple Playmaker to regain the advantage. Lightning asked Bohman was he right, but the latter stayed silent. Bohman noted regardless of the result, Playmaker would be emotionally scarred. Lightning expected this goal, for regardless of the result, Playmaker would suffer. When Kolter inflicted 600 LP damage through "Codebreaker Backfire", Lightning commented it dealt more emotional damage than just a simple number calculation. [17]  Bohman remained silent as he watched the Duel. Suddenly, he and Lightning entered the area where Playmaker and Kolter were. He continued watching the Duel, but made no comments on Kolter's disappearance, or about Playmaker falling unconscious. [18] 
 Lightning dared Playmaker to stand up and fight him; he had Jin grab Playmaker and toss him away, trying to get him to wake up so he could Duel him. Ai pointed out Playmaker was in no condition to fight, and Bohman voiced that opinion. Lightning turned around, as Bohman exclaimed that if they defeated humans by the rules, they'd show they have the right to rule over them, else it would give the humanity the excuse to fight back. He answered Soulburner's call, as Soulburner challenged him to a Duel. Bohman led Soulburner to an oasis, and the two were taken underneath the watery surface, to a digital cave. Bohman explained since he had power of the Water Ignis, he made a suitable battlefield. Soulburner was disgusted for Bohman's cruelty. Set ablaze, the former declared he'd never forgive Bohman for his actions. He admitted he became depressed after the Lost Incident, but that changed when he saw hope, in form of hero known as Playmaker. Soulburner claimed he was very different from Bohman, who eliminated those that did not share his viewpoints. Bohman simply replied that Soulburner worked with Flame, yet was against AI-s. [4] 
 Soulburner yelled out he never said that, for this fight was not about humanity or technology, but about Bohman's villainous action that could never be forgiven. Bohman smirked, amused that he felt an emotion, that Soulburner acknowledged his personality, much like Playmaker did. Soulburner thought Bohman was manipulating him, who decided to accept the challenge, since he had some things to settle; this Duel with Soulburner would be his test to prove himself worthy to face Playmaker. Before the Duel started, Flame reminded Soulburner about Bohman's Hydradrives, which caused Blue Maiden and Aqua to lose. Despite the disadvantage, Soulburner resolved himself not to lose. Bohman started out by Link Summoning "Burn Hydradrive", and summoned "Hydradrive Bringer" to return "Hydradrive Booster" back to his hand. With the latter used to summon "Coolant Hydradrive", Bohman played "Judgment Arrows". With the "Coolant" and "Burn" Hydradrives, Bohman Link Summoned "Twin Hydradrive Knight". Finally, by playing "Hydradrive Protection", Bohman made his knight and arrows immune to Soulburner's effects. As Soulburner analyzed Bohman's strategy, Flame advised him not to go all out at first. [4] 
 Soulburner played "Salamangreat Shrine", which allowed him to use Reincarnation Link Summons. Playing "Salamangreat Jack Jaguar", Soulburner used it for "Salamangreat Balelynx". Just as Soulburner was to add "Salamangreat Sanctuary" Field Spell to his hand, Bohman's "Twin Hydradrive Knight" prevented that effect, since it shared the Attribute with "Balelynx", FIRE. Due to "Salamangreat Shrine", Soulburner's FIRE monsters were immune to such effects, as he managed to add the "Sanctuary" card to his hand. Bohman was amused, seeing that Soulburner managed to prepare himself against such effects. Soulburner summoned "Salamangreat Mole", and used it and "Balelynx" for Link Summon of "Sunlight Wolf". By returning "Balelynx", Soulburner summoned "Salamangreat Jack Jaguar", only to re-summon the former and return the latter to his hand, due to the effect of "Sunlight Wolf". With the two remaining monsters, Soulburner Link Summoned "Salamangreat Heatleo". Since "Hydradrive Protection" protected "Judgment Arrows", Soulburner's "Heatleo" returned the former to Bohman's deck. Flame applauded Soulburner, who used the power of "Salamangreat Shrine" to perform a Reincarnation Link Summon of "Salamangreat Heatleo". [4] 
 Since it was summoned, Soulburner returned "Judgment Arrows" to Bohman's deck, triggering the former's effect, which destroyed "Twin Hydradrive Knight". However, Bohman's "Hydradrive Protection", upon leaving the field, protected the knight from destruction by effects. Nevertheless, Soulburner's new "Heatleo" allowed him to make the ATK of the knight the same as his "Salamangreat Mole": 0. Soulburner's fierce attack caused "Heatleo" to destroy "Twin Hydradrive Knight", and inflict 2300 LP damage to Bohman. Bohman nevertheless respected Soulburner, claiming the latter should feel proud for executing this strategy. Soulburner became annoyed by his pride, but Flame tried to calm him down, but the former still declared his rage has not been toned down. Bohman Special Summoned "Hydradrive Booster", and tributed it for "Hydradrive Agent", which allowed him to resurrect "Twin Hydradrive Knight". Using these two monsters, Bohman Link Summoned a new huge Hydradrive: "Paradox Hydradrive Atlas". Flame realized this was the same monster that attacked Cyberse World. For a moment, Flame started to fade away, but stated he was fine. [4] 
 Flame realized Bohman was the one that destroyed Cyberse World. Flame started shaking, feeling anger and sadness, for this fight reminded him about the loss of his homeworld, and that was his will. Bohman commented that without will, the AI could not evolve. However, he felt that the folly behind the will was to make it like humanity's, which he could maintain well. Instead, he told Flame not to fear defeat or shame, for he could accept him as he was. Flame pointed his finger, as he didn't want to be absorbed by Bohman. The two sides saw they had to settle this by continuing the fight; Bohman declared he'd roll a dice for "Paradox Hydradrive Atlas" to determine its Attribute. Soulburner was surprised that Bohman would rely on luck, who proudly exclaimed he was a part of LINK VRAINS, and luck was a part of him. He caused LINK VRAINS to flicker once more, declaring himself a god as the dice started to roll. [4]  He rolled the dice, and the result was that "Paradox Hydradrive Atlas" became a WATER Attribute monster. He rolled another dice, so he could Special Summon a Link Monster from his Extra Deck. Rolling a four, he brought out "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch" to the zone "Paradox Hydradrive Atlas", and gained its Attribute. Bohman bosted this was also a good way to deal with Soulburner, while he rolled the dice a third time. [19] 
 Rolling the FIRE Attribute, Bohman's "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch" destroyed all of Soulburner's FIRE monsters. "Salamangreat Heatleo" was destroyed and Soulburner took 500 LP damage. The monarch made a direct attack, dropping Soulburner's LP to 500. Flame tried to encourage Soulburner to stand up, but felt a shock within himself. As Soulburner made his move, Flame reminded that Bohman's strategy to rely on luck was a random one; unlike AI, Bohman didn't have insight what to do next. Despite Bohman's excellence, using dice effects and predict his next move would be too much for him. Soulburner swore to use a little luck, too, as he returned his hand to the Deck and drew some new cards, with the effect of "Salamangreat Shrine". Using "Will of the Salamangreat", Soulburner Special Summoned "Heatleo" from the Graveyard. Bohman played the effect of "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch", but rolled the WATER Attribute. Bohman noted that Soulburner barely escaped defeat, else he would have lost. Soulburner wanted to wrap things quickly: "Salamangreat Shrine" allowed him to Reincarnate Link Summon "Salamangreat Heatleo". [19] 
 Since Bohman had two cards set, he explained Soulburner had half the chance of success. Soulburner picked the card on the right, but Bohman used the other one, "Card of Pandora", to redirect the effect to it and draw two cards. Flame exclaimed the choice was the same, regardless of what card Soulburner chose. Next, Soulburner's "Heatleo" lowered the ATK of "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch" to that of "Salamangreat Mole", zero. As "Heatleo" went to attack, Bohman played "Dice Logic", so that the attacking monster's ATK becomes zero or doubled, if the dice's result is an odd or even number. However, Bohman amplified the effect so that he could increase the dice's result by one, so Flame pointed out if it is not a six, Bohman could protect himself. Bohman rolled a two, and the effect allowed him to increase that number by one, so that the ATK of "Heatleo" becomes zero. As Flame wondered about Bohman's abilities, he continued to flicker. Bohman exclaimed the AI was evolving faster then they thought, and soon they'd take over the humanity. Soulburner didn't think of Bohman as a god, who replied that humanity's time to be at the top was over, and showed that he relied on Flame for his moves. [19] 
 Soulburner denied this, since he thought of Flame more of a friend than an AI. Soulburner exclaimed he didn't actually understand what an AI actually is, but Flame brought him out of the despair; after meeting Playmaker, Soulburner swore that his soul would remain intact, regardless of what happened next. Suddenly, Windy emerged out of Flame's body. Bohman demanded Windy to stop, but Windy refused to listen, as he started absorbing Soulburner and draining Flame's energy. However, Flame reversed the effects and absorbed Windy back into himself, which amazed Bohman. Flame exclaimed the power of his will, as his soul was indomitable. Soulburner was pleased for Flame, but the latter continued to flicker. Thinking these were his final moments, he asked of Soulburner to defeat Bohman, using any means necessary. Claiming of Soulburner as his partner, Flame felt proud to be by his side, and was turned into data. Soulburner screamed Flame's name, terrified of the loss of his friend. Bohman apologized that he was unable to do anything, but thought they could not continue the Duel on. Soulburner reminded if he quit now, Flame's sacrifice would be in vain, for this fight became personal. Bohman smiled, as Soulburner used "Salamangreat Burning Shell". [19] 
 Using that, he summoned "Parro", and used it and "Heatleo" for a Link Summon: Link-4, "Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix" appeared. Though he could not activate effects or attack with that monster, he played "Salamangreat Transcendence" to Super Reincarnate Link Summon "Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix". Since it was summoned in that fashion, the "Phoenix" destroyed all of Bohman's cards. However, "Paradox Hydradrive Atlas" could not be destroyed or targeted for attacks. Furthermore, due to the destruction of "Dice Logic", Bohman summoned another "Rousing Hydradrive Monarch". Soulburner attempted to deal 3000 LP damage, equal to the ATK of "Monarch", with the effect of his phoenix. This time, Bohman played "Judgement Roll" Trap from his hand, tributing the monarch to let Soulburner make a dice roll. Claiming Soulburner should make his own fate, Bohman explained if he rolled the FIRE Attribute, his monster's ATK doubled, else its ATK turns to zero. Thus, Bohman put the fate of humanity, and Flame, too, on Soulburner's hands. Soulburner accepted the challenge, and calling upon Flame's strength, he made the "Burning Dice" roll: the FIRE Attribute. Swearing to exact justice for Cyberse World, Soulburner had "Salamangreat Pyro Phoenix" attack. [19] 
 Bohman claimed it would not work, either, as he played the second Trap from his hand, "Hydradrive Gravity". This moved "Pyro Phoenix" to the Main Monster Zone "Paradox Hydradrive Atlas" pointed to, turning it into WATER Attribute, and due to "Judgement Dice", its ATK became zero. Soulburner became overwhelmed by this revelation, as he took damage, equal to the original ATK of his attacking monster, 3000. Soulburner cursed, as he was flinged in air in defeat. Soulburner, before being deleted, apologized to Flame that he could not keep the promise to him, and left the final fight to Playmaker. [19]  With the Duel over, Bohman went out of the watery area. He went to the flowery field, where he met up with Lightning, Playmaker and Varis. Bohman told that he finished his training, by defeating Soulburner and Blue Maiden. Having absorbed the Ignis' powers, he came to watch the Duel, and listened to Varis, who exposed Lightning's crimes. Lightning tried to silence Varis, but Bohman stopped him, as he wanted to hear what Varis had to say. [20]  Bohman continued to silently watch the Duel. [21] 
 Since Lightning used Jin as a hostage, Bohman decided to break his silence, as he didn't want Lightning to cheat. He saw how fair and passionate Soulburner was during his Duel, and everything went fine until Lighting had Windy interfere during that Duel. Bohman expressed his disappointment, and took out Specter and Jin's data from Lightning. Lightning tried to fight back, but Bohman was too powerful for him to do anything. Jin became Lightning's servant once more, as Bohman demanded of Lightning to fight Varis fairly. Bohman continued watching the Duel, which ended when Lightning used "Eques Flamma" to have both players take effect damage. While Varis disappeared, Lightning revealed he had 1 LP left. Lightning crawled, while Bohman realized that Lightning kept a part of Jin's data to himself, which he used to save himself. Lightning struggled to talk, as he told Bohman that he'd do anything to win, and it's his mission to do so, and he then said he would give Bohman everything and asked for mercy. Bohman noted that Lightning caused chaos with his wicked ideas just so he could live, and thought that made him more human than any of the other Ignis. He agreed to accept Lightning and put his hand in front to have Lightning come to him. As Lightning touched his hand, Bohman absorbed him. Bohman stood up, and stated that with his training finished, he wanted to challenge Playmaker to a final Duel, who accepted. [22]  Playmaker was ready to fight Bohman, who wanted a more suitable field for their Duel. He waved his hand, warping them to the center of Mirror LINK VRAINS. Before their Duel started, Bohman released the Frog and Pigeon, stating they didn't need to broadcast their Duel, though they stayed behind to do just that, as journalists. [23] 
 Bohman turned to Playmaker, showing a giant pillar, which would serve as a gate to a new world, once their Duel would end. Playmaker wanted to know more, and Bohman stated the answer would lie in their Duel. Using the five Ignises he absorbed into his Duel Disk, Bohman proudly announced his victory, as Playmaker and Ai thought he just made a new Deck. Bohman waved his hand, and used an Ignis algorithm to create a sphere. Ai became angry that Bohman used the powers of Ignis to his advantage as tools. Bohman reminded that they were not tools, but merely part of him, since he was created to absorb them. Just as their Duel began, Playmaker and Ai heard screams of avatars in LINK VRAINS, who were being paralyzed by a beam from the sphere of the Ignis algorithm. Ai had a bad omen as to what may happen, while Playmaker felt presence of many people, despite him and Bohman being the only ones around. Bohman pointed out that Playmaker had Link Sense, an ability to sense digital presence, which could've made him a great connector between AI and humanity. [23] 
 Bohman started off with a "Hydradrive Booster", and Link Summoned "Grand Hydradrive". He summoned another "Booster", using it to make a second Link Summon of "Coolant Hydradrive". Using the two "Hydradrives", he Link Summoned "Twin Hydradrive Knight". Next, he used the former to Link Summon the Link-1 "Burn Hydradrive". The move surprised Ai to summon a weaker monster, while Playmaker counted that Bohman summoned three "Hydradrive" monsters of different Attributes. Bohman summoned a third "Booster" and used it to summon "Flow Hydradrive". Playing "Hydradrive Rebuild", Bohman swapped "Burn Hydradrive" with "Twin Hydradrive Knight" in his GY, triggering the former's effect to summon a "Hydradrive Token". For his sixth Link Summon, Bohman used the token to summon "Alteration Hydradrive", whose effect allowed Bohman to revive "Burn" and "Coolant Hydradrives" next to the Link Markers of "Twin Hydradrive Knight", which became destroyed. Next, Bohman summoned "Hydradrive Element", using it to Link Summon "Grand Hydradrive". Playmaker noted these were all Link-1 monsters, while Bohman used the "Hydradrive Element" to change "Alteration Hydradrive" to LIGHT Attribute. Ai thought Bohman was filling up the field, since there was no monster with five attributes, nor a Link-5 monster, either. Bohman told Ai he was just thinking about limits, for Bohman aimed to create such a monster. [23] 
 He waved his hand, using a Skill, which caused more people to become paralyzed by the sphere's beam in LINK VRAINS. Ai and Playmaker heard their screams, while Bohman summoned a Data Storm to activate Master Storm Access, creating a card out of his will. Bohman declared that everything was set: using five Link-1 monsters of different Attributes, he performed the eight Link Summon: the Link-5 "Chimera Hydradrive Dragrid". Playmaker and Ai became shocked to see such a powerful 4000 ATK monster, which gained a "Hydradrive Counter". While Ai became distraught at their predicament, Playmaker thought there was some connection with that monster and the screams they just heard. Bohman confirmed those were the people he heard, which were affected by the system he created: Neuron Link. He stated it used humans' thought capabilities, allowing him to summon that giant Data Storm. In fact, thousands of people were used to summon it, and to let Bohman create this Link-5 monster. Ai believed Bohman contradicted himself, since he didn't approve of Lightning using Jin as a human shield, and now he just used lives of many humans to his advantage. Bohman reminded that Lightning used Jin to prevent Varis from continuing on, while this was just one of his many abilities he was able to use. [23] 
 Ai pointed out that the people he just used were now dead, but Bohman exclaimed that only their consciousness were a part of him, which would reside inside him forever. Ai declared Bohman a dictator, since he'd take everyone to let himself as the only being remaining in this world. Bohman simply wanted to unify the world; Ai didn't understand that, but Bohman thought it was a shame that Ai could not understand that. As Bohman ended his turn, he announced he'd take everyone's consciousness in the real life, too, by using the Neuron Link throughout the network. Playmaker thought he could still take down this Link-5 monster, as he summoned "Widget Kid", chaining its summon to that of "Cyberse Synchron". The latter doubled the former's level, allowing Playmaker to Synchro Summon "Cyberse Quantum Dragon". Ai reminded that the latter can return Bohman's monster during its attack. Bohman anticipated this, claiming their tactics won't work, as he used another Skill. Playmaker and Ai continued hearing the screams of the unconscious avatars, while Bohman announced they would witness a Duel beyond their imaginations. [23] 
 Playmaker and Ai witnessed as Bohman used Master Storm Access a second time, using the people in LINK VRAINS to summon the Data Storm. Next, Bohman used the effect of "Chimera Hydradrive Dragrid" to remove the Hydradrive Counter and roll a dice. Rolling the WATER Attribute, Bohman returned "Dragrid" and summoned "Chimera Hydradrive Draghead - Aqua". Ai became surprised by the monster's name, while Bohman stated the monster negated all other monsters' effects, which it didn't link to. Playmaker stopped his attack, and set a card. By returning "Aqua" to his Extra Deck, Bohman swapped it for "Chimera Hydradrive Draghead". Bohman anticipated Playmaker's move, stating it was the voices of the people that the Neuron Link had absorbed. In fact, all those people that were absorbed were the ones that admired Playmaker, wanted to challenge him and even analyzed his moves, which allowed Bohman to think ahead. Thus, Bohman deduced those people were Playmaker's enemies in this Duel, too. Ai reminded there was a limited number of people in LINK VRAINS, and should eventually run out of absorbing them all. Bohman denied that, because of humanity's curiosity: due to the news, more people started logging in, and were easy targets for the Neuron Link system. [24] 
 As Playmaker and Ai heard the screams of fallen people, Bohman took his turn, and used the power of Master Storm Access a third time. Playmaker braced Ai to destroy this Neuron Link and prevent any more casualties. Bohman thanked Playmaker, but Ai aggressively replied they didn't need his thanks. He wondered if Bohman had a heart, which the latter admitted he did, and contributed its creation to Playmaker, a form which Bohman was developed from. Bohman even permitted Playmaker to surrender, thinking the latter stood no chance against him, and promised a place inside himself to let him live happily, and in peace, with no memories of Lost Incident. Ai pointed out those would be fake memories, and Playmaker refused Bohman's "charity", and wanted to fulfill the wishes of his fallen allies. In fact, Playmaker didn't want any ideals, built from sacrifices. Bohman noted that Playmaker still held humanity as the superior life form, and became disappointed. He thought Playmaker was still within bounds of humanity. Bohman took his turn by using "Dragrid" effect to roll a dice. This time, he rolled the FIRE Attribute, and brought out "Chimera Hydradrive Draghead - Flame", and Ai noted the monster' name. The monster destroyed all other monsters that were not linked to it: "Cyberse Quantum Dragon" was destroyed. Playmaker banished "Cyberse Synchron" from his GY to protect his dragon. [24] 
 With no other option left, Bohman's "Draghead" attacked and destroyed "Cyberse Quantum Dragon", leaving Playmaker at 2500 LP left. Once more, Bohman swapped his "Draghead" with "Chimera Hydradrive Dragrid" in his Extra Deck. Bohman raised his hands in the air, hearing voices of the absorbed people, and stated the ultimate world would soon be created, a world from many possibilities that had the best ideals. Playmaker reminded it would not be ethical to create it. Bohman refuted that, stating the world would collapse if he respected the life of every being, which would only end in war and conflict, which was the case of the human world. In fact, Bohman believed by unifying all the people of the world into himself would make a new, better world - a world with peace, in which only he would exist. Playmaker, thinking of his past, stated Bohman was lonely. He exclaimed he felt once the same way, and only thought of revenge for the Lost Incident. Upon the way, he had met many new friends, and his views of the world had changed, by accepting each other. Bohman refused to listen, and claimed he was the same as Playmaker. The latter refuted that, for sacrificing everyone was not the ideal path to take. To challenge Bohman's perception, Playmaker wanted to live with the Ignis together, to create a new future. [24] 
 To stop Bohman, Playmaker resolved himself to win this Duel. He summoned "Clock Wyvern", and used its "Clock Token" to Link Summon "Link Spider", whose effect let him bring out the Normal Monster "Protron". Using "Link Spider" and "Clock Wyvern", Playmaker brought out "Clock Spartoi", whose effect let him add "Cynet Fusion", then used "Protron" to summon "Linkuriboh". Bohman thought Playmaker's efforts were futile, but Ai wanted to stop Bohman boasting, since he had a Link-5 monster. "Clock Wyvern" Special Summoned "Clock Wyvern" from the GY, allowing Playmaker to use "Cynet Fusion" for a Fusion Summon. Using "Linkuriboh", "Clock Wyvern" and "Clock Spartoi" as materials, Playmaker Fusion Summoned "Cyberse Clock Dragon". Sending three cards, up to the number of Link Markers of Link Monsters used as material, Playmaker boosted the dragon's ATK by 3000, up to 5500. Bohman frowned, as Ai announced it was time for him to lose. [24]  Ai was confident in their next attack, but Bohman reminded how their strategy with "Cyberse Quantum Dragon" had failed. Bohman reminded that the voices inside him dictated his best move he'd take. Due to that, Bohman reminded Playmaker was fighting every human he had absorbed. As Bohman analyzed Playmaker, the latter exclaimed he only had Bohman to defeat. [25] 
 Ai knew that Bohman would activate his Skill and attempt to negate their dragon's attack. It was why he believed the Neuron Link should be stopped first. Suddenly, he and Ai were contacted by Faust of the Knights of Hanoi, and explained they'd stop Neuron Link with Ghost Gal and Akira. He suggested to Playmaker that moment to be his perfect opportunity to attack. Bohman proceeded to activate his Skill, but felt a disturbance from Ghost Gal, Akira Zaizen and the Knights of Hanoi. Bohman nevertheless applauded them for attacking the Neuron Link, but admitted to Playmaker that Ghost Gal and Akira had been absorbed, too. Playmaker clenched his fist in frustration, but Bohman claimed human feelings could not affect him, and belittled Playmaker for expecting a miracle. Playmaker denied that, for he only trusted his friends, which Bohman had absorbed. Bohman activated Master Storm Access, but noticed that he didn't obtain any card whatsoever, and Neuron Link became corrupted. As Faust told Playmaker that Akira and Ghost Gal sacrificed themselves to stop Neuron Link, Bohman got a severe headache. This caused a disturbance in the cyberspace, allowing Playmaker and Ai to see some of the victims. [25] 
 Playmaker and Ai swore to stop Bohman, who played the effect of "Chimera Hydradrive Dragrid". However, he rolled the LIGHT Attribute; Playmaker claimed that even luck has left him, and with no more defenses left, "Cyberse Clock Dragon" destroyed Bohman's monster, and Bohman suffered 1500 LP damage. Ai cheered, as now both sides' LP were equal. Bohman became furious, noting that Lightning was correct that bond between humans was trouble. However, using hi power, Bohman repaired Neuron Link system, and Playmaker and Ai could not see the victims anymore. Bohman reminded this was his realm, and he could repair the Neuron Link any time. Ai, looking at Neuron Link, swore he would stop Bohman from using it. Much to Playmaker's shock, Ai left his Duel Disk, and went straight into the Neuron Link to stop it. Bohman became surprised, and questioned why would Ai sacrifice himself to help humanity. Ai reminded this was his desire, and Playmaker was already connected to the people that Bohman had absorbed. Ai evaded Neuron Link's bolts, reminding that when Playmaker was alone, he only thought of revenge, but by meeting new friends, he became stronger. It was why Ai believed Playmaker should give his best in defeating Bohman, to honor these friendships. Ai bid Playmaker farewell, as he became absorbed by the Neuron Link. [25] 
 Playmaker, in distress, shouted Ai's name. Bohman simply commented that was a pointless act, since Playmaker would lose in the end. Playmaker refused to let Bohman badmouth Ai, as his partner, and swore to finish the Duel in Ai's honor. Bohman believed their wish was lesser to the world he wanted to create. Playmaker shook his head, for Playmaker shared his wishes with his friends, unlike Bohman, who had only one desire, and nobody else left. Bohman refused to listen; declaring this to be the final turn, Bohman played "Hydradrive Readvent", letting him revive "Chimera Hydradrive Dragrid" from his GY, but with its effects negated. Next, Bohman played "Judgment Arrows"; declaring that Ai's sacrifice was pointless, he activated his Skill once more, summoning a Data Storm, absorbing the Frog and the Pigeon, as well as parts of Mirror LINK VRAINS itself. Bohman used "Chimera Hydradrive Dragrid" as Link Material to summon the "Perfectron Hydradrive Dragon". The latter gained 5 Hydradrive Counters, turned into 1000 ATK for each counter, summing up to 5000 ATK. As the dragon went to attack, Playmaker used the Trap Card "Return Risk Reservoir" to summon "Protron" from his GY. He tributed it to summon "Linkuribon" from his GY, and tributed it to make the dragon's ATK 0. Bohman smiled, and let his dragon attack, despite having zero ATK. [25] 
 Playmaker was surprised that Bohman let his monster attack. The latter played the effect of "Perfectron Hydradrive Dragon", which prevented Bohman from taking damage, as well as protecting his monster from destruction, at the cost of one Hydradrive Counter. As Playmaker questioned Bohman's move, the latter used the dragon's effect to destroy "Cyberse Clock Dragon", and inflict damage, equal to the number of "Hydradrive" monsters in his GY times 300. Having 8 monsters, Bohman inflicted 2400 effect damage to Playmaker, leaving him at 100 life points left. As Bohman proudly announced that the match was nearly over, Playmaker barely stood up. He swore that he would not lose, for Ai's sacrifice. [25]  Bohman doubted in Playmaker's victory, who dedicated in Ai's promise. However, Ai reappeared in Playmaker's Duel Disk, as he had made a backup inside Roboppy earlier. In fact, Ai felt a chance he'd disappear, so he made such alterations to ensure his survival, and reminded he had free will to do so. Reminding themselves that the Neuron Link was stopped, but Bohman's Master Storm Access Skill has not, Playmaker decided to finish off Bohman in this turn. As Ai went into the Neuron Link to rescue the Ignis, Bohman appeared in the system, on Lightning's call. He went to capture Ai, but failed. [26] 
 Ai returned to Playmaker, heartbroken that he could not save the Ignis, which have molded with Bohman. Still, he passed the power he obtained from the other Ignis to Playmaker. Bohman noted that Ai has escaped him, and swore to absorb him once the Duel was over. Ai promised he'd take revenge on Bohman for hurting his friends, who was amused by his fiery spirit. Bohman still reminded of all the effects he had, and wondered if Playmaker could even defeat his monster. Playmaker exclaimed he had the powers of the Ignis, and declared this to be his final turn, as he drew a card. Sending "Dotscaper" (which was Special Summoned from the GY), Playmaker summoned "Threshold Borg", then played the "Cynet Codec". Summoning the "Code Talker", Playmaker added a "Micro Coder" with "Cynet Codec", then used it and "Code Talker" to Link Summon "Encode Talker". Bohman still boasted about his monster, while Playmaker added "Cyberse Gadget" and summoned it, while using the effect of "Micro Coder" to add "Cynet Optimization". Using "Cyberse Gadget" and the monster it revived - "Micro Coder" - Playmaker brought out "Cyberse Witch". Next, he summoned "SIMM Tablir" and returned "Clock Wyvern" to his hand, which also triggered the effect of "Cyberse Witch", letting Playmaker add "Cyberse Magician" and "Cynet Ritual" to his hand from his Deck, as well as "Widget Kid" from his GY, who Special Summoned "Clock Wyvern". [26] 
 Playmaker used "Cynet Ritual", tributing "SIMM Tablir" and "Widget Kid" to Ritual Summon "Cyberse Magician". In addition, he used "Clock Wyvern" and "Cyberse Gadget" to Xyz Summon "Firewall eXceed Dragon". This was followed up by a Link Summon of "Transcode Talker", using "Xceed Dragon" and the witch. Bohman was surprised that Playmaker used the Xyz Monster as material, and wondered what was he doing. Playmaker pointed out there were voices guiding him that Bohman could not listen to. Bohman wondered if it was because of the destroyed Neuron Link, but Playmaker showed that Bohman had no interest in listening them. Due to that, Bohman was all alone, and he had no heart to guide others into the future. Bohman thought of Harlin, while Playmaker swore to settle the fight, by listening to others as they yearned for peace. Playmaker added "Code Generator", as he summoned "Transcode Talker", and used "Cynet Optimization" to Special Summon it. Much to Bohman's shock, Playmaker set the Link-3 "Transcode Talker", "Cyberse Magician" and "Code Generator" to Link Summon a Link-5 monster: "Firewall Dragon Darkfluid". Bohman could not comprehend why Playmaker had a Link-5 monster, if the only monster of such Link Rating was the one he had created. Ai exclaimed this was the representation of the power of the Ignis, who shared it with Ai. [26] 
 Playmaker placed 4 counters on "Firewall Dragon Darkfluid", one for each different monster type - Ritual, Fusion, Synchro and Xyz. It went to attack, gaining 2500 ATK for each counter it had, summing its ATK to 13000. Declaring "Neo Tempest Flame", Playmaker had his new dragon attack "Perfectron Hydradrive Dragon", and a vision of Flame appeared. Despite having 8000 ATK, Bohman removed a counter from "Perfectron Hydradrive Dragon" to reduce the damage he'd take to zero, and have his monster protected from destruction. Bohman attempted to activate the latter's effect to destroy "Darkfluid", stating Playmaker's efforts had gone to waste. Playmaker simply removed a counter to negate the monster's effect, and have "Darkfluid" attack once more. Declaring "Neo Tempest Aqua", the "Firewall" monster attacked once more, and a vision of Aqua appeared. Though Bohman repeated his effect to protect "Perfectron", so did Playmaker, removing a counter to negate the effect and have his monster make another attack. Bohman's eyes widened, as Ai noted that he realized he ended up in a loop he could not escape from, a power created from his friends. Bohman gritted his teeth, seeing Playmaker had realized the dragon's power so quickly. Playmaker replied that bonds transcend evolution, and the voices of his allies had guided him to this strategy. Declaring "Neo Tempest Earth", Playmaker's dragon made a third attack at Bohman's "Hydradrive". Both sides used up one counter to play their effects, letting "Firewall Dragon Darkfluid" execute "Neo Tempest Windy" attack. [26] 
 Bohman used up his final counter to protect "Protectron Hydradrive Dragon", which caused its ATK to be reduced to zero. Playmaker also removed the final counter from "Firewall Dragon Darkfluid", reducing its ATK to its original 3000 value, but letting it attack one final time. With no counters left, Bohman was left vulnerable for the finishing move of "Firewall Dragon Darkfluid", "Neo Tempest End". With 2500 LP remaining, Bohman was defeated; he only remembered his brother, Harlin, as he listened to his heart, of which Playmaker spoke of. Ai praised Playmaker, as did Bohman, who was severely hurt. The latter noted that Playmaker had a future he was not aware of, and stated that Ai has closed the future of the Ignis, by siding with humanity. He hoped that Ai does not regret that, and bidded farewell to his ultimate rival, Playmaker. As the Mirror LINK VRAINS started crumbling, Bohman saw a vision of Harlin, who asked of Bohman to come with him. Bohman commented they'd be united now forever, as he vanished. [26]  Before he departed, Bohman left the footage of the Duel to Frog and Pigeon, who believed that this was the way Bohman wanted to be remembered by. [27]  Skye also watched the video. [28] 
 
 Relationships 
 Harlin 
 Harlin was initially designed to be Bohman's "little brother" by Lightning in order to keep his emotions in check, it is also noted that Harlin taught Bohman how to duel. After later being demoted to being his servant, Harlin seemed to be saddened by this change. Harlin was often quite condescending towards Bohman often criticising him and his dueling. Before leaving to duel Blue Maiden, Harlin stopped to visit Bohman who cautioned him not to go, but Harlin refused, claiming to be relieved not see Bohman again, however after losing to Blue Maiden, Harlin reflected on his relationship with Bohman and realised that he truly saw Bohman as his brother, even apologizing to Bohman in his final moments. Bohman in turn always saw Harlin as his little brother and was quite protective of him. Bohman deeply cared for Harlin and was deeply saddened at his demise, even crying and promising never to forget him.
 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Their initial encounter was rather confusing after Bohman stole Jin Kolter's conscious data and Playmaker dueled him to retrieve it. Despite being defeated, Playmaker and Ai were unable to retrieve the data due to Bohman being protected by an anti-Ignis program. Yusaku then made it his mission to defeat Bohman and require Jin's data. In their second encounter, Bohman carried immense hostility towards Playmaker, believing himself to be the real Yusaku Fujiki, while Playmaker was simply a copy of him which was placed into his body by accident during the Lost Incident (This was later revealed to be false as Bohman was in his incomplete stage, he had been implanted with fake memories). However, Playmaker refuted these claims and defeated Bohman for a second time, but was still unable to acquire Jin's data. In their third encounter, Bohman was revealed to be an AI modelled after Playmaker and Ai. As a result of his completion, Bohman lost all hostility towards Playmaker and now respected him. Bohman appears to have a sense of rivalry, with Playmaker as he was based on Playmaker, this is shown when he appeared to Playmaker after defeating Blue Maiden, he wished Playmaker luck in his next duel and stated that if he survived, Bohman would defeat him later.  Playmaker recognises Bohman's abilities and seemed worried about how Bohman would evolve after the conclusion of their third duel. However, Yusaku, in turn, appears to harbor a grudge towards Bohman for his past actions in stealing Jin's data and later defeating and absorbing Blue Maiden and Soulburner. In their fourth Duel, Bohman still showed Playmaker respect, calling himself the evolved form of Playmaker and even offered Playmaker a special place inside him, with no Lost Incident and with memories he felt Playmaker should have had. Playmaker refuted this offer and claimed that Bohman was lonely, as he was before meeting his friends. After being defeated, Bohman was able to make peace with Playmaker, acknowledging him as his ultimate rival.
 
 Ai 
 Initially, Bohman and Ai had little interaction with each other. However, it was later revealed that Bohman was a third generation AI modelled after Ai and his partner Playmaker. During their third encounter, Bohman adressed Ai with respect and wanted to acquire him from Playmaker. During the third duel between Playmaker and Bohman, Bohman revealed that he destroyed the Cyberse World just to spite Ai, which worked. Bohman realized that Ai had something he lacked: instinct and claimed that Ai truly is a special AI. Ai appears to harbor immense hostility towards Bohman for destroying his homeworld. This hostility only grew as Bohman absorbed Aqua, this enraged Ai who immediately challenged Bohman and wanted to fight him. In the fourth duel between Bohman and Playmaker, Ai was incredibly angered at Bohman using the power of his fellow Ignis and was further appalled by Bohman's actions in creating the Neuron Link. After being defeated, Bohman was able to make peace with Ai, entrusting him with the Ignis' future.
 
 Lightning 
 Bohman was created by Lightning in order to unite the Ignis into a single vessel. Bohman was the only individual that Lightning showed respect for, as he listened to Bohman's requests and never argued with him. Bohman, in turn, respected Lightning and was prepared to carry out his intentions of AIs ruling over humanity. Bohman was interested in learning about Lightning's crime and was surprised to hear the truth about Lightning's intentions. However, Bohman was disgusted by Lightning's actions in his duel with Varis by using Jin's consciousness as a shield and stepped in to put a stop to Lightning's foul play. After the duel had concluded Lightning begged Bohman for mercy, offering himself to Bohman. While Bohman noted Lightning's treachery, he also recognized that Lightning's actions made him the most human among the Ignis and accepted Lightning's offer, absorbing Lightning into him and acquiring the power of the LIGHT Ignis.
 
 Deck 
 Bohman uses a  " Hydradrive " Deck  which is supported by a unique 'Link Spell' card which features Link Arrows. Bohman's tactics continuously evolve, improving his potential and making him a more threatening opponent each time he duels. 
 His Deck specializes in Link Summoning Link-1 "Hydradrive" monsters, all of which exploit the Attribute of the opponent's monsters in order to allow them to attack the opponent directly, while "Property Spray" is utilized in case the Attribute of the opponent's monsters don't match up to the effect of the "Hydradrive" he controls. Although their ATK is low the Link Spell " Judgment Arrows " doubles their ATK. This in conjunction with the ability to swarm, can result in a potential One Turn Kill. Later duels have him take to using Link-2, 3, and 4 monsters with effects designed to negate and destroy his opponent's monsters when the opponent has a counter to his traditional strategy.
 For defense, Bohman uses "Property Spray" which allows him to regain Life Points by utilizing his monsters as fodder. While " Covered Hydradrive " provides no damage effect, as long as another "Hydradrive" is on his side of the field and also block the opponent from making attacks using more than one monster. He also uses " Hydradrive Generator " and the inert ability of "Hydradrive" Link Monsters to generate a " Hydradrive Token ".
 This helps him maintain his field and keep a harmonious strategy of offense and defense.
 Starting from his third duel with Playmaker, Bohman has taken to using cards with luck-based effects, such as  Rousing Hydradrive Monarch , and  Judgement Roll , utilizing luck to create numerous duel patterns for greater strength. Around this time he began using hand traps to enhance his defensive abilities.  
 After absorbing 5 of the 6 Ignis, Bohman creates a revised Deck, utilizing his realized state coupled with his immense power to summon the first Link-5 monster in LINK VRAINS. 
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Break Hydradrive 
 Covered Hydradrive 
 Hydradrive Agent 
 Hydradrive Booster  x3 
 Hydradrive Bringer 
 Hydradrive Element 
 Hydradrive Mutation Extra Deck   
 Link Monsters 
 Alteration Hydradrive 
 Burn Hydradrive 
 Chimera Hydradrive Draghead - Aqua [Notes 1] 
 Chimera Hydradrive Draghead - Flame [Notes 1] 
 Chimera Hydradrive Dragrid [Notes 2] 
 Coolant Hydradrive  x3 
 Cubic Hydradrive Lord 
 Flow Hydradrive  x2 
 Grand Hydradrive  x2 
 Paradox Hydradrive Atlas 
 Perfectron Hydradrive Dragon [Notes 3] 
 Rousing Hydradrive Monarch  x2 [Notes 4] 
 Tesseract Hydradrive Monarch 
 Trident Hydradrive Lord [Notes 5] 
 Twin Hydradrive Knight Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Castle Link 
 Half Shut 
 Hydradrive Accelerator 
 Hydradrive Defragment 
 Hydradrive Protection 
 Hydradrive Readvent 
 Hydradrive Rebuild 
 Hydradrive Scabbard 
 Judgment Arrows 
 Property Flood 
 Traps 
 Card of Pandora 
 Dice Logic 
 Hydradrive Cycle 
 Hydradrive Generator 
 Hydradrive Gravity 
 Hydradrive Tolerance 
 Interference Canceller 
 Property Flash 
 Property Spray 
 Judgment Roll 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 47 - 48 
 Lose
 
 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 57 - 58 
 Lose
 
 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 72 - 73 
 DRAW 
 
 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Maiden 
 90 - 91 
 Win
 
 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner 
 94 - 95 
 Win
 
 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 99 - 102 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Bohman's name and motive seems to be inspired from  David Bowman  from Science Fiction writer,  Arthur C. Clarke 's Space Odyssey Series. In the story, David Bowman was an astronaut sent along with 4 other people and a Supercomputer, HAL-9000 on a mission to Jupiter. Due to the Supercomputer's malfunction which resulted in the death of the other 4 astronauts, Bowman had to shut it down during the trip. At the planet, Bowman would manage to discover a mysterious monolith and through it, transform into a "Star Child", an immortal being that resides in Space. During the last installment of the series, HAL and Bowman would merge together into a new being known as "HALman". However, unlike David, who is the main protagonist of his series, Bohman is a major anatogonist. 
 Bohman has some similarities to  Varis . Both have Dueled Playmaker exactly four times and were his final opponents for the season. They were also secondary antagonists, but became the final one upon the deaths of the true masterminds ( Lightning  and  Dr. Kogami , respectively). However, unlike Varis who had two duels against Playmaker that ended in draws, Bohman only managed to achieve one draw agaisnt Playmaker and lost the other three duels against Playmaker. 
 Outside of flashbacks, Bohman is the only Duelist in  VRAINS  to win against Theodore. 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   This card is obtained via  Master Storm Access  in  episode 100 . 
 
 ↑   This card is obtained via  Master Storm Access  in  episode 99 . 
 
 ↑   This card is obtained via  Master Storm Access  in  episode 101 . 
 
 ↑   This card is obtained via  Storm Access  in  episode 73 , but it is unknown how he obtained the second copy. 
 
 ↑   This card is obtained via  Storm Access  in  episode 58 . 
 
 
 References 
 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 71: " A Logical Decision " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   2.3   2.4   2.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 85: " My Brother’s Keeper " 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   3.2   3.3   3.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 72: " Strategy Shift " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   4.2   4.3   4.4   4.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 94: " No Matter What It Takes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 47: " LINK VRAINS 2.0 " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 48: " Shed Some Light " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 49: " Bring the Heat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 50: " A Common Cause " 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   9.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 57: " Bohman Returns " 
 
 ↑  10.0   10.1   10.2   10.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 58: " Memory Games " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 59: " Return of the Hanoi " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 70: " A Storm Brews " 
 
 ↑  13.0   13.1   13.2   13.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 73: " Weathering the Storm " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 84: " Payback " 
 
 ↑  15.0   15.1   15.2   15.3   15.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 90: " For a Friend " 
 
 ↑  16.0   16.1   16.2   16.3   16.4   16.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 91: " From the Heart " 
 
 ↑  17.0   17.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 92: " Fight with a Friend " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 93: " A Fighting Promise " 
 
 ↑  19.0   19.1   19.2   19.3   19.4   19.5   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 95: " From the Ashes " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 96: " I Know Your Secret " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 97: " Outsmart, Outwit, Outthink! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 98: " Lightning Storm " 
 
 ↑  23.0   23.1   23.2   23.3   23.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 99: " Bohman’s End Game " 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   24.2   24.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 100: " I Know Everything " 
 
 ↑  25.0   25.1   25.2   25.3   25.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 101: " Ai of the Beholder " 
 
 ↑  26.0   26.1   26.2   26.3   26.4   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 102: " The Final Turn " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 104: " Your Reign is Over " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  episode 105: " Unlikely Alliance " 
 
 
 v e 
Bohman pages 
 Anime 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS  anime   characters Six victims of  Lost  Incident 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Jin Kolter (Jin Kusanagi) 
 Specter (Spectre) 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) 
 Miyu Sugisaki 
 Windy's partner 
 Cyberse World 
 Ai 
 Aqua 
 Earth 
 Flame 
 Lightning 
 Linkuriboh 
 Windy 
 Echo 
 Den City 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel) 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Max 
 Cal Kolter (Shoichi Kusanagi) 
 MC 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) 
 Frog 
 Nathaniel (Isomaki) 
 Pigeon 
 Gore's manager 
 Roboppi 
 Den City orphanage owner 
 Hosoda 
 Tanaka 
 Sato 
 Suzuki 
 Eagle 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker (Makoto Kimishima) 
 Kenneth Drayden/The Shepherd (Kengo Dojun/Blood Shepherd) 
 Den City High School  students 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel) 
 Naoki Shima/Brave Max 
 Hosoda 
 Tanaka 
 Sato 
 Suzuki 
 Eagle 
 McKendrick Kellenbocker (Makoto Kimishima) 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner 
 SOL Technologies 
 Akira Zaizen 
 Bishop 
 Knight 
 Rook 
 Kitamura 
 Risa Hayami 
 Prototype Ai-A 
 Prototype Ai-B 
 Queen 
 King (VRAINS) 
 Kenmochi 
 Yoroizaka 
 George Gore/The Gore (Go Onizuka) 
 Playmaker's faction 
 Yusaku Fujiki/Playmaker 
 Ai 
 Theodore Hamilton/Soulburner (Takeru Homura/Soulburner) 
 Flame 
 Skye Zaizen/Blue Angel/Blue Gal (Aoi Zaizen/Blue Angel/Blue Girl/Blue Maiden) 
 Aqua 
 Cal Kolter (Shoichi Kusanagi) 
 Emma Bessho/Ghost Gal (Emma Bessho/Ghost Girl) 
 Knights of Hanoi 
 Ryoken Kogami/Varis (Revolver) 
 Specter (Spectre) 
 Kiyoshi Kogami 
 Dr. Genome 
 Aso/Faust 
 Clarissa Turner/Baira (Kyoko Taki/Baira) 
 Pandor 
 Lightning's faction 
 Lightning 
 Windy 
 Bit 
 Boot 
 Bohman 
 Harlin (Haru) 
 Jin Kolter (Jin Kusanagi) 
 Other characters 
 Ryujiro Mizunuma 
 Kiku Kamishirakawa 
 Theodore's grandfather 
 Theodore's grandmother 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/Bohman.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20180419060242', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/02/FullBohman.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180320124639']
Categories: Characters, Bohman pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS characters