Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_7_Trials_to_Glory:_World_Championship_2005


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 7 Trials to Glory: World Championship Tournament 2005 
 
 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 7 Trials to Glory: World Championship Tournament 2005 
 
 
 English  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 7 Trials to Glory: World Championship Tournament 2005 
 
 
 Kanji  
 遊戯王デュエルモンスターズインターナショナル２ 
 
 
 Japanese translated  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters International 2 
 
 
 Developer(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Publisher(s) 
 Konami 
 
 
 Platform(s) 
 Game Boy Advance 
 
 
 Release date(s) 
  December 30, 2004  February 15, 2005  February 17, 2005 
 
 
 Genre 
 Card Battle 
 
 
 Ratings 
 E 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 7 Trials to Glory: World Championship Tournament 2005 , known as  Yu-Gi-Oh! Day of the Duelist: World Championship Tournament 2005  in Europe and  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters International 2  in Japan, is a  Yu-Gi-Oh!  game for the Game Boy Advance. Light and Dark clash in a  town  where everyone waits to  Duel . Battles take the place of words and only the best will win tournaments where glittering trophies await the victor. 
 The game features 1000 cards (105 traps, 220 spells and 675 monster cards) to collect and Duel with. Polymerization and Dark Magician are available with 2 different artworks which count as different cards.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Earning DP 
 2   Changes 
 3   Characters 
 
 3.1   Level 1 
 3.2   Level 2 
 3.3   Level 3 
 
 
 4   Gameplay 
 5   Tournaments 
 
 5.1   Card Shop Tournament 
 5.2   Weekend Tournament 
 5.3   Kaiba Corp Tournament 
 5.4   Limitation Tournament 
 5.5   The National Tournament 
 5.6   Survival Tournament 
 
 
 6   Glitches 
 7   Password machine 
 8   Promotional cards 
 
 8.1   Japanese 
 8.2   International 
 
 
 9   Game Guide 
 10   Gallery 
 11   Trivia 
 12   See also 
 13   External links 
 
 
 Earning DP 
 DP (Duelist Points) can be earned by winning Duels and can be used to purchase new cards. Upon winning a duel, DP is rewarded as follows:
 
 1 DP for every 100 LP your opponent lost during the duel 
 1 DP for every 100 battle damage dealt to your opponent 
 20 DP for each of your opponent's monsters destroyed by battle 
 additionally for winning itself
 50 DP for reducing your opponents LP to 0 
 100 DP if your opponent ran out of cards 
 1000 DP for Exodia, Final Countdown or FINAL 
 Reward ÷2 if you win in more than 40 turns.
Reward x2 if you win in less than 5 turns. 
 In Shadow World, the reward is 5x the normal reward. 
 
 Changes 
 The changes made since WCT2004 are as follows:
 
 A total of 1000 cards up to the real-life OCG Invader of Darkness booster pack are featured, but some great cards (even ones that were in WCT2004) are missing (presumably due to memory constraints, technical limitations and/or time pressures).  There are actually less cards in this game than in the previous version. 
 Dueling is more challenging and faster, though it's still easier and slower than in other games such as Worldwide Edition. 
 Campaign Mode (selecting opponents to duel from a list) has been dropped in favor of a free-roaming Story Mode, which is loosely based on the Battle City arc of the anime. 
 The duel screen got a makeover, and is viewed from an angled prospective rather than a top-down look. 
 You can manage up to 20 decks. 
 Card passwords, side decks and tournaments are back. 
 DP is required to buy card packs, structure decks or register for certain tournaments. 
 There is a Forbidden/Limited/Semi-Limited Card List, which changes every week. 
 Duel puzzles and Structure Decks have been added. 
 There are less anime characters to duel. 
 You can activate Quick-Play Spells and Traps at various timings. 
 You can sort cards by Favorite. 
 The "Rock, Paper, Scissors" Attack Order method is back. 
 The results of a duel are based on various factors. 
 You aren't given 3 different Starter Decks. 
 The days of the week are back. 
 You can manually draw during your Draw Phase again. 
 The background no longer changes depending on the tier level of the duelist you’re dueling. 
 Characters 
 The game features characters from the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime. If you dueled them before in WCT2004, most of their decks haven’t changed much.
 Note1: They use staple cards such as Call of the Haunted.
 Note2: They have a Jinzo in their decks every now and then after beating them a few times.
 
 Level 1 
 All level 1 opponents are available from the start.
 
 Tea Gardner 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Ryo Bakura 
 Solomon Muto 
 Yugi Muto 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Level 2 
 All level 2 opponents are unlocked by beating the Weekend Tournament 4 times.
 
 Rex Raptor 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Mai Valentine 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Level 3 
 Aside from Yami Yugi, all level 3 opponents are unlocked by winning the Championship. Yami Yugi is unlocked randomly once per day by beating any Misc. Duelist in Shadow World.
 
 Rare Hunter 
 Arkana 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Strings 
 Odion 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Yami Bakura 
 Yami Yugi 
 Gameplay 
 From the start there are 4 locations to visit (hometown, shopping district, coliseum and Area K.C.), another one, the so-called "???", appears after winning the national tournament.
 On Top of the screen you can see an info column where different messages are displayed like the name of your current location, upcoming tournaments or an occurring event. You have to wait a bit until all current messages have been displayed.
 You have weekdays and weekend but no precise date. You can end a day by going home and resting in bed. Some opponents/events only occur on special days. The "banned list" changes every week.
 You can talk to characters (A-button) or challenge them to a Duel (R-button). Packs and decks can be bought in the card shop. You can save up to 20 deck recipes.
 
 Tournaments 
 There are different tournament types in the game. If you register for one of them, you cannot register for another tournament for the same and the following week. Upcoming tournaments are announced in the info column on top of the screen so make sure to check it at least on Mondays. You receive a winning trophy at the end of a tournament. You can check your trophy collection at your home.
 
 Card Shop Tournament 
 If you defeat one of the opponents in the shop the owner (Truesdale) will invite you to his tournament. You cannot really decline since Truesdale does not offer you cards to buy anymore until you accept the challenge. The tournament takes place in the card shop the next Tuesday...which is the regular closing day of the shop if no tournament takes place. You have to win 3 matches. The 3rd opponent is always Truesdale himself. The price for winning is 3000 DP.
 
 Weekend Tournament 
 You can register for this tournament in front of the coliseum by paying 100 DP to the receptionist. The first round is a single duel against a random side character on Saturday (winning price: 300 DP) the second round is a match against a main character on Sunday (winning price: 700 DP). By winning this tournament 4 times you unlock Rex Raptor, Weevil Underwood, Mako Tsunami and Mai Valentine. They appear in the city locations now and can be challenged.
 
 Kaiba Corp Tournament 
 After unlocking Rex Raptor, Weevil Underwood, Mako Tsunami and Mai Valentine and passing 2 weeks without registering for the weekend tournament afterwards you can register for this tournament in the "Area K.C." by talking to the receptionist. You have to beat 7 duelists in a match for the upcoming 7 Saturdays. In between you can buy cards in the shop etc. and you should adapt your deck to the weekly changing banned list. The price for winning is the number of the round x 1000 DP except the final with 10,000 DP for beating Seto Kaiba; so you can win 31000 DP in total. Also the pack "K.C. Special" is now available in the card shop for a while.
 
 Limitation Tournament 
 After 2 weeks without registering for a tournament this tournament should be announced. You can register for this tournament in front of the coliseum by talking to the receptionist. You have to beat 7 duelists in a match for the upcoming 7 Saturdays. The special thing about this tournament is that every round has a special limitation like "no wind monsters". Since this limitation also applies to your opponent he will play with another deck than usually (i.e. Mai with no wind monsters). The price for winning a round is 1000 DP except the final with 7000 DP for beating Seto Kaiba; so you can win 13000 DP in total.
 
 The National Tournament 
 After winning the weekend tournament, the K.C. Tournament and the limited tournament and after 2 weeks without registering for a tournament this tournament should be announced. You can register for it in front of the K.C. Tower by talking to the receptionist. In the Regionals (preliminary Championship) you have to beat 3 duelists in a match on Saturday (winning price: 2000 DP).  The next Saturday is the final. Beat the opponent for winning 30,000 DP. Also the pack "K.C. Special" is available again in the card shop for a while.
 After winning the national tournament you get some applause, the credit screen appears and you can re-load your last save to access a
new location called '???' (henceforth referred to as 'Shadow World').  It is
situated in the northeastern corner of the map.  You can find the hardest
duelists in the game here.
 
 Survival Tournament 
 The weekly Forbidden/Limited Card List does not apply to Shadow World, so you
can construct a deck with up to 3 copies of Prohibited, Limited and/or Semi-
Limited Cards.  Therefore, you can now create some horrific decks such as
Warrior Chaos, Magical Scientist OTK, Yata-Garasu Lockdown and CED OTK that are
banned in real-life. Of course, your opponents in Shadow World also get that ability.  
 Packs and decks can be bought at the Mystic Stall, which becomes accessible on specific days by beating the following
duelists at least once:   
 Monday - Arkana  
 Tuesday - Rare Hunter  
 Wednesday - Umbra and Lumis  
 Thursday - Strings  
 Friday - Odion  
 Sunday - Marik  
 The Survival Match becomes available after about 1 week has passed. Unlike Battle City tournaments, you can
register for this tournament once per day.  It is an endurance-style series of
Single Duels comprised of level 3 Duelists chosen at random (aside from Yami
Yugi) and consists of 7 Rounds.  Your remaining LP are carried over to the next
duel.  If you win all 7 Rounds, you will earn first place DP, plus your
remaining LP as DP.  The entry fee is 8,000 DP.  Talk to the organizer in the
Ancient Shrine to register.  
 Upon winning, you'll receive the Survival trophy and DP.  Watch the credits
roll again and your progress will be saved like last time.  Continue your save
file.
 On the next day, talk to the organizer again.  He informs you that you can't
take part in the Survival Match again, but you can participate in Dark Survival
Match if you have over 70,000 DP and a Deck without any Traps.   
 Dark Survival Match is similar to the Survival Match, except it is much harder.
It is a never-ending series of endurance-style series of Single Duels with the
same opponents as before determined by a roulette until you lose or choose to
quit.  The prize is your remaining LP multiplied by the number of opponents.
However, if you lose, your current DP will become the current DP divided by the
number of opponents. You start with 20,000 LP.
 
 Glitches 
 If you use the Password Machine and turn off your GBA straight afterwards, your spent DP will be gone but you won’t have the card when you continue your save file. 
 If your opponent activates a Monster destruction card and you use  Book of Moon  on your monster, it will still be destroyed. 
 If  Banisher of the Light  is on the field, the effect of  Gravekeeper's Servant  can still be activated. 
 You can’t activate  Ultimate Offering ’s effect during your opponent‘s Battle Phase. 
 If you have a  field spell  or  Swords of Revealing Light  active on the field and 0 cards left in your deck, you won't be able to deck out.  As a result, you'll be unable to end the duel. 
 One of your saved deck slots might become corrupted every now and then (possibly by participating in tournaments).  For example, my Burn Deck turned into a corrupted deck with 14 "regular" monsters in the main deck, 12 glitched cards marked in the side deck and 1 glitched card in the Fusion Deck. The deck slot can't be used after that unless you make a new deck. 
 You can't activate traps such as  Call of the Haunted  and  Compulsory Evacuation Device  during your opponent's turn. 
 You can't activate a face-down  Fairy Box  during your opponent's Battle Phase. 
 You can't look through your opponent's deck with cards such as  Nobleman of Extermination . 
 You can’t activate  Last Turn  if a  Jowgen the Spiritualist  is on the field. 
 If you target a  Spear Dragon  in Defense Position with  Ring of Destruction , the trap won’t work.  
 Equipping one of your monsters with  Ring of Magnetism  against the CPU opponent will cause them to be unable to attack with their monsters, regardless of the equipped monster's stats. 
 Password machine 
 The first password machine, which costs 1,000 DP to use and is found in the Card Shop, only allows each card to be obtained once through its use. 
 The second password machine, located in Shadow World, costs 10,000 DP to use; however, each card can be obtained multiple times through its use.
 
 Promotional cards 
 Japanese 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters International 2 promotional cards 
 International 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! 7 Trials to Glory: World Championship Tournament 2005 promotional cards 
 Game Guide 
 Main article:  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters International 2 Game Guide 
 Gallery 
 North American English cover French cover Japanese cover 
 Trivia 
 The Japanese version of this game use the censored  TCG  card artworks instead of the Japanese. 
 Snake  from the  Metal Gear  series makes a cameo appearance in "???". He is disguised as a cardboard box. He says "I don't know why I'm revealing this, but I'm a secret spy. I was hired by an organization, which shall remain nameless, in order to study this Shadow World." 
 See also 
 https://yugioh.wikia.com/wiki/Category:Yu-Gi-Oh!_7_Trials_to_Glory:_World_Championship_Tournament_2005_sets 
 External links 
 Official Japanese game site 
 The Spriters Resource page 
 v e 
 Video games Duel Monsters 
 Duel Monsters 
 II: Dark duel Stories 
 Dark Duel Stories  ( III: Tri-Holy God Advent ) 
 4: Battle of Great Duelist 
 The Eternal Duelist Soul  ( 5 Expert 1 ) 
 6 Expert 2 
 The Sacred Cards  ( 7: The Duelcity Legend ) 
 Reshef of Destruction  ( 8: Reshef of Destruction ) 
 Worldwide Edition: Stairway to the Destined Duel  ( International ) 
 Online 
 Online 
 Duel Evolution 
 3: Duel Accelerator 
 Power of Chaos 
 Yugi the Destiny 
 Kaiba the Revenge 
 Joey the Passion 
 Tag Force 
 GX 1 
 GX 2 
 GX Evolution  ( GX The Beginning of Destiny ) 
 GX 3 
 5D's 4 
 5D's 5 
 5D's 6 
 ARC-V Special 
 True Duel Monsters 
 Forbidden Memories  ( Sealed Memories ) 
 The Duelists of the Roses  ( 2: Succeeded Memories ) 
 World Championship 
 Tournament 2004  ( Duel Monsters Expert 3 ) 
 7 Trials to Glory: Tournament 2005   ( Day of the Duelist: Tournament 2005  /   Duel Monsters International 2 ) 
 Ultimate Masters: Tournament 2006  ( Duel Monsters Expert 2006 ) 
 2007 
 2008 
 5D's 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 5D's 2010: Reverse of Arcadia 
 5D's 2011: Over the Nexus 
 Browser, PC, or mobile 
 5D's Mobile 
 BAM 
 Pocket 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Generation 
 Duel Links 
 Cross Duel 
 Other handheld 
 Monster Capsule GB 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 Destiny Board Traveler  ( Sugoroku no Sugoroku ) 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 GX Duel Academy  ( GX Mezase Duel King! ) 
 Double Pack 
 2 
 GX Spirit Caller  ( GX Spirit Summoner ) 
 GX Card Almanac 
 ZEXAL World Duel Carnival 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Other console 
 Monster Capsule: Breed and Battle 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 5D's Wheelie Breakers 
 5D's Decade Duels 
 Plus 
 5D's Duel Transer  ( 5D's Master of the Cards ) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Rush Duel 
 Multi-Platform games 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Legacy of the Duelist: Link Evolution 
 Master Duel 
 Other 
 Multi-Master 
 Duel Terminal 
 Duel Dash 
 
 {{ Game guides }} 
 {{ Video game promotional cards }} 
 {{ Game guide promotional cards }} 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/WC5-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120611014349', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Flag_of_Japan.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225453', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/Flag_of_the_United_States.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081119225336', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Flag_of_Europe.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120211606', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9f/WC5-VideoGameEN.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20120611014349', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/97/WC5-VideoGameFR.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/184?cb=20150605150214', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/YI2-Box-JP.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20101103204050', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Yu-Gi-Oh! 7 Trials to Glory: World Championship Tournament 2005, Video games