Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_-_Episode_187


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! - Episode 187 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 城之内ｖｓマスク・ザ・ロック 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Jōnōchi Vāsasu Masuku Za Rōku 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Jonochi vs. Mask the Rock 
 
 
 English 
 Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 187 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 14, 2004 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 3, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " WARRIORS " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " These Overflowing Feelings Don't Stop " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! theme " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! theme " 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  episode listing  (season 5) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " 
 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Notes 
 2   Opening Ceremony 
 3   Each One's Opponents 
 4   "Ancient" - Themed Deck 
 5   Featured Duel: Joey Wheeler vs. Apdnarg Otum 
 6   Differences In Adaptations 
 7   Trivia 
 8   Featured cards 
 9   Notes 
 
 
 Notes 
 One by one, participants of the KC Grand Prix are randomly drawn to face one another in the Round of 16 (called Round 1): 
 
 
 Round 1 Block A
 
 Round 1 Block B
 
 
 Joey Wheeler  vs.  Apdnarg Otum 
 
 Vivian Wong  vs.  Rebecca Hawkins 
 
 
 Zigfried Lloyd  vs.  Fortune Salim 
 
 Abe the Monkey Man  vs.  Totani Ialos 
 
 
 Paul McGregor  vs.  Shane Jordan 
 
 Ethan Shark  vs.  Sergei Ivanoff 
 
 
 Balfry Ginger  vs.  Jafar Shin 
 
 Richard Goat  vs.  Leon Wilson 
 
 
 Opening Ceremony 
 The next day's morning, excitement fills 'Kaiba Land America' as the KC Grand Prix begins. 
 Mokuba appears on the central podium of the stage and makes the opening speech, explaining the rules: all 16 Duelists will be split into either Block A or Block B. The winner will have the honor of dueling the winner of the  Battle City  tournament and "Duel King":  Yugi Muto . 
 The first A Block Duel is announced: Joey will be facing "Apdnarg Otum". Joey claims that he'll win and expose his 'true identity', making his friends sigh: isn't it obvious enough? 
 The first B Block Duel is also announced: Leon Wilson will be facing Dr. Richard Goat. 
 The second set of Duels will be announced after each Block's first Duels are over. (The above list is compiled via the information given in the following episodes.) 
 Mokuba tells Yugi to climb onto the stage and greet the public. Rather nervous, he does so in a rather shy manner. 
 At that moment, the  Blue-Eyes White Dragon jet  appears and Kaiba makes his grand entrance using a jet pack, no less. Zigfried Lloyd directs a suspicious glance at him: it's obvious that he's still plotting something. 
 Kaiba takes the microphone from Mokuba and begins a short speech: 
 Seto Kaiba :  " Comrades! This ain't a festival and it ain't a show! It's a survival game in which Duelists stake their pride! You'll be their witnesses to them: you shall hear their death agonies and just one voice of joy! Chosen Duelists! Right now, my Kaiba Land has become a Colosseum! Glory! Defeat! You'll have to win in order to survive! Show me who'll be the survivor! " 
 He inwardly wonders where the "rats" hiding at: He won't allow them to ruin as they like this competition. 
 Each One's Opponents 
 The Duelists head over to their assigned spaces. However, Joey went off to get a hot dog and didn't listen to the announcement! He and the others run off across the 'Jungle' stage, dodging a bunch of crocodiles, traps, bats, snakes and even a boulder running down a hill! (It's a reference to the  Duelist Kingdom (arc) ). The 'boulder' turns out to be just a "Solid Vision". 
 Joey gets there just in time to not be disqualified and Mokuba scolds him: hadn't he run off, he'd shown him a shortcut for the staff! 
 Apdnarg Otum tells Joey he's pleased that his "disciple" has made it on time. He suddenly corrects himself, like if he was about to make a slip. 
 Meanwhile,  Leon Wilson  is going to Duel  Richard Goat . His two assistant nurses hand him the Deck and wipe off the sweat. He then tells Leon that "I shall not use anesthesia for this operation". Leon is rather perplexed by his behavior, but they Duel. 
 (This Duel and many others are not shown onscreen for the sake of brevity of this mini-arc).
 
 "Ancient" - Themed Deck 
 Professor Hawkins catches up with them. He guessed they've realized it, too. He admits that he knew the fact that Solomon was going to join the KC Grand Prix. Back when  the unidentified phone call , it turned out that it was Solomon, who was bored of staying home and doing nothing. 
 Everyone wonders what kind of Duel it'll be: Yugi affirms that his grandpa is very strong and Mokuba questions the fact. He admits that Solomon requested to be included. Since he told Mokuba that he was the one who taught all about Duel Monsters to Yugi, so Mokuba thought it'd be alright. 
 The Duel begins. Solomon plays an "Ancient" - Themed Deck with many curious and Rare Cards. He has various manners of dealing with Joey's "Luck" Cards and quickly making a curious combination of Cards. 
 However, Yugi and Yami Yugi suspect that he's aiming at something: what could it be? The Episode ends. 
 Featured Duel: Joey Wheeler vs. Apdnarg Otum 
 Turn 1: Joey 
Joey draws " Swordsman of Landstar " and subsequently Normal Summons it (500/1200) in  Attack Position . He then  Sets  two Cards.
 Turn 2: Apdnarg  
Apdnarg draws. He then  Sets  two Cards and  Normal Summons  " Wandering Mummy " (1500/1500) in  Attack Position .
 Turn 3: Joey  
Joey draws. He then Normal Summons " Little-Winguard " (1400/1800) in  Attack Position . "Swordsman of Landstar" attacks  Apdnarg Otum 's "Wandering Mummy". Joey activates his face-down " Graceful Dice " to roll a die and multiply the  ATK  of "Swordsman of Landstar" by the die result.  Apdnarg Otum , in response,  activates  his face-down " The Legendary Gambler " to roll a die too. If Apdnarg's roll is higher than  Joey 's, the effect that required Joey to roll a die will be negated. Joey's "Graceful Dice" roll is a four while  Apdnarg Otum 's "The Legendary Gambler" roll is a six, so the effect of "Graceful Dice" is negated. 
 Joey then activates his face-down " Skull Dice " to roll a die and divide the  ATK  of  Apdnarg Otum 's "Wandering Mummy" by the die result. Apdnarg then activates the effect of "The Legendary Gambler" to roll a die of his own.  Joey 's "Skull Dice" roll is a five while  Apdnarg Otum 's "The Legendary Gambler" roll is a six, so the effect of "Skull Dice" is negated. "Wandering Mummy" destroys "Swordsman of Landstar" (Joey 4000 → 3000). Joey then activates the effect of "Little-Winguard" to switch it to  Defense Position .
 Turn 4: Apdnarg  
Apdnarg draws. On Apdnarg's Standby Phase, he activates his face-down " Non Aggression Area " to discard a card and prevent  Joey  from  Normal Summoning  or  Special Summoning  any  Monster  during his next turn. Apdnarg then activates " Mirage of Nightmare ". Now during each of  Joey 's Standby Phases,  Apdnarg Otum  can  draw  until he has four cards in his  Hand , but each time it is Apdnarg's Standby Phase, he must randomly  Discard  the same number of Cards he drew via the effect of "Mirage of Nightmare". Apdnarg then  Sets  a Card.
 Turn 5: Joey  
Joey draws. On Joey's Standby Phase, the effect of Apdnarg's "Mirage of Nightmare" activates, allowing Apdnarg to draws three cards.  Apdnarg Otum  then activates his face-down " Emergency Provisions " to send "Mirage of Nightmare" to the Graveyard and gain 1000 Life Points ( Apdnarg Otum  4000 → 5000). Joey's hand contains "Swordsman of Landstar", " Scapegoat ", " Brigadier of Landstar ", and " Jinzo ".
 Turn 6: Apdnarg  
Apdnarg draws. He then activates " Ancient City ". This card's  effects  will be revealed later in the  Duel . Apdnarg then  Tributes  "Wandering Mummy" in order to  Tribute Summon  " Ancient Giant " (2200/1100) in  Attack Position . While this monster is face-up on the field, Apdnarg must attack with it. If he doesn't, then he will take 300 damage during his End Phase. 
 Apdnarg then  activates  " Ancient Key " in order to  Special Summon  two " Stone Giants " (400/2000) in Attack Position. While these monsters are face-up on the field, Apdnarg must attack with them. If he doesn't, then he will take 500 damage for each "Stone Giant" that didn't attack during the End Phase. "Ancient Giant"  attacks  and  destroys   Joey 's "Little-Winguard". The two "Stone Giants" attack directly (Joey 3000 → 2600 → 2200). Apdnarg then  Sets  a card.
 Duel concludes next episode. 
 
 Differences In Adaptations 
 In the dub, the skywriting planes spell out 'KC Grand Championship', whereas the skywriting planes spell out 'KC Grand Prix' with smaller letters as well. 
 Cut from the English version is a sequence of a pan of the contestants and where  Mokuba  explains the tournament rules, saying that the Duelists will be divided into two groups, A and B, for the preliminary elimination and that the winner will be the first KC Grand Prix champion. 
 On the screen where it displays the fixtures for the tournament, in the dub it shows KC next to the pictures of the contestants in the list whereas in the Japanese it shows their own names written in English and katakana/kanji next the pictures. 
 In Professor Hawkins' flashback, a shot of the gang sitting outside the trailer while Professor Hawkins is on the phone is replaced with a shot of Grandpa at the airport (however, the shot has its animation frozen, and was taken from the following episode). 
 Trivia 
       Naruto characters cameo     
 Even though the two " Stone Giant " are tokens in both versions, they are given the background of an Effect Monster. 
 Apdnarg keeps slipping up and making it obvious that he's Grandpa Muto; Joey. however, is too dense to pick up these signs. 
 Cameo appearances of Chōji Akimichi, Shikamaru Nara, and Ino Yamanaka, from Naruto, are in the stand. 
 Apdnarg's " Mirage of Nightmare "/" Emergency Provisions " combo would be commonly used by the  protagonist  of the  following series . 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Joey Wheeler Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Brigadier of Landstar [Notes 1] 
 Swordsman of Landstar  x2 [Notes 2] 
 Effect Monsters 
 Jinzo [Notes 1] 
 Little-Winguard Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Graceful Dice 
 Scapegoat [Notes 1] 
 Skull Dice [Notes 3] 
 
 Apdnarg Otum Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Giant 
 Stone Giant  x2 [Notes 4] 
 Wandering Mummy Magic   &  Traps   
 Magic 
 Ancient City 
 Ancient Key 
 Emergency Provisions 
 Mirage of Nightmare 
 Traps 
 The Legendary Gambler 
 Non Aggression Area 
 Notes 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   1.2   This card was seen in Joey's  hand . 
 
 ↑   A second copy of this card can be seen, however, this card is suppose to be " Alligator's Sword " due to what was shown in Joey's hand in the next episode. 
 
 ↑   This card was played as a  Quick-Play Spell Card . It is a  Trap Card  in the TCG/OCG. 
 
 ↑   This card was given a  Effect Monster  card layout since  Token Monster  card layout didn't exist yet. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   season 5 episodes 
 #185 " Unwanted Guest - Part 1 " #186 " Unwanted Guest - Part 2 " #187 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 1 " #188 " Let the Games Begin! - Part 2 " #189 " Child's Play " #190 " Down in Flames - Part 1 " #191 " Down in Flames - Part 2 " #192 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 1 " #193 " A Brawl in a Small Town - Part 2 " #194 " One Step Ahead - Part 1 " #195 " One Step Ahead - Part 2 " #196 " Sinister Secrets - Part 1 " #197 " Sinister Secrets, Part 2 " #198 " Sinister Secrets - Part 3 " #199 " Tomb of the Nameless Pharaoh " #200 " Spiritual Awakening " #201 " Memoirs of a Pharaoh " #202 " The Intruder - Part 1 " #203 " The Intruder - Part 2 " #204 " Makings of a Magician " #205 " Birth Of The Blue-Eyes " #206 " Village of Lost Souls " #207 " A Reversal of Fortune " #208 " In Search of a King " #209 " Village of Vengeance - Part 1 " #210 " Village of Vengeance - Part 2 " #211 " Village of Vengeance - Part 3 " #212 " Village of Vengeance - Part 4 " #213 " Village of Vengeance - Part 5 " #214 " Name of the Game " #215 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 1 " #216 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 2 " #217 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 3 " #218 " The Dark One Cometh - Part 4 " #219 " In the Name of the Pharaoh " #220 " The Final Journey " #221 " The Final Duel - Part 1 " #222 " The Final Duel - Part 2 " #223 " The Final Duel - Part 3 " #224 " The Final Duel - Part 4 " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3  •   << S4 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/Yugioh187.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20071229180451', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Narutocameo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20121021060103']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! episodes