Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yami_Yugi_and_Maximillion_Pegasus%27_TV_Duel


 This article is  missing information  from  Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 2 .     
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Maximillion Pegasus' TV Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Maximillion Pegasus' TV Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters Shadow Game 
 
 
 Players 
 Yami Yugi Maximillion Pegasus 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 
 
 Location 
 Kame Game 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Yami Yugi and Maximillion Pegasus' TV Duel  was a Duel in which  Yami Yugi  and  Maximillion Pegasus  Dueled through a  videotape . Pegasus appeared on the video, claiming to be prerecorded, knowing what moves Yami Yugi would make. This is based on  a Duel  from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 When the  Duel Monsters  champion,  Seto Kaiba  was defeated by  Yugi Muto ,  KaibaCorp 's reputation was damaged.  Maximillion Pegasus  used this as an opportunity to overthrow Seto Kaiba and take control of the company. Part of his plan involved defeating Yugi in an official Duel to restore its reputation when he got control. Pegasus planned this unofficial Duel as a means of coaxing Yugi into taking part in the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, where he could face him in an official one. He set up  a videotape  to use as a means of communicating with Yugi and mailed it to him with equipment for Duelist Kingdom.
 Yugi watched the tape along with  Téa Gardner ,  Joey Wheeler ,  Solomon Muto  and  Tristan Taylor . Pegasus appeared on the screen and caused everyone in the room except Yugi to freeze before he accepted the Duel. Yugi then switched to Dark Yugi for the Duel.
 
 The Duel 
 
 This Duel uses  Duelist Kingdom  gameplay. Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 This Duel has a fifteen minute time limit. The player with higher LP at the end of the time limit will win.
 Turn 1: Pegasus 
 Pegasus  does not draw on the first turn. He Sets a card in his  Spell & Trap Card Zone .
 Turn 2: Yami Yugi 
 Yugi  draws. He then tries to  Normal Summon  " Koumori Dragon ", but Pegasus anticipates his move by activating his face-down " Dragon Capture Jar ", which traps "Koumori Dragon" within it. Yugi Normal Summons " Silver Fang " (1200/800) in Attack Position.
 Turn 3: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws. He  Normal Summons  " Dragon Piper " (200/1800) in Attack Position, then activates its effect to release "Koumori Dragon" (1700/1200) from "Dragon Capture Jar" and place it onto his own side of the  field  in Attack Position. "Koumori Dragon"  attacks  and  destroys  "Silver Fang" (Yugi: 2000 → 1500 LP). Pegasus then  Sets  a card (" Sun Shower ").
 Turn 4: Yami Yugi 
Yugi's  hand  contains " Beaver Warrior ", " Horn Imp ", "Breath of Light", " Zombie Warrior ", and " Book of Secret Arts ". Yugi is about to Summon "Zombie Warrior", but stops himself from doing so.
 At this point, Yugi asks how Pegasus knew about Zombie Warrior and the latter reveals that he, like Yugi, has a Millennium Item as well: The Millennium Eye, which gives Pegasus the ability to read Yugi's mind. With this information, Yugi realizes with the Millennium Eye, Pegasus can see the cards in his hand.
 He instead draws a card and subsequently Normal Summons it in Attack Position without looking at it. Pegasus activates his face-down "Sun Shower", thinking that Yugi would Summon "Zombie Warrior". The card is revealed to be " Dark Magician " (2500/2100), who is not affected by "Sun Shower". "Dark Magician" attacks and destroys "Koumori Dragon" (Pegasus: 2000 → 1200 LP).
 Turn 5: Pegasus 
Pegasus draws " Illusionist Faceless Mage " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/2200) in Attack Position. He then activates " Eye of Illusion " and equips it to "Illusionist Faceless Mage". "Illusionist Faceless Mage" attacks "Dark Magician". The effect of "Eye of Illusion" then activates, negating the attack and equipping itself to "Dark Magician" without Yugi knowing that.
 Turn 6: Yami Yugi 
Yugi draws " Celtic Guardian ". During the  Standby Phase , Pegasus gains  control  of "Dark Magician" via "Eye of Illusion" without Yugi knowing. Yugi Normal Summons "Celtic Guardian" (1400/1200) in  Attack Position . "Celtic Guardian" attacks "Illusionist Faceless Mage", but the effect of "Eye of Illusion" redirects the attack to "Dark Magician". "Dark Magician" destroys "Celtic Guardian" (Yugi: 1500 → 400 LP).
 Turn 7: Pegasus 
Pegasus Sets a card.
 Turn 8: Yami Yugi 
Yugi Normal Summons " Summoned Skull " (2500/1200) in Attack Position. "Summoned Skull" attacks "Illusionist Faceless Mage", but time runs out before the attack is completed. Since Pegasus had more LP than Yami Yugi when time ran out, Pegasus wins by default.
 
 Aftermath 
 As  Penalty Game  for Yugi's loss, Pegasus sucked the soul of Solomon into the TV.
 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!   episode 2: " The Gauntlet is Thrown " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom Participants 
 Contestants 
 Bandit Keith 
 Bonz 
 Yugi Muto 
 Rex Raptor 
 Sid 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Mai Valentine 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Yami Yugi 
 Zygor 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Eliminators 
 Dox 
 Ghost Kaiba 
 PaniK 
 Para 
 Other 
 Téa Gardner 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Yami Bakura 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Yami and Weevil 
 Joey and Mai 
 Yami and Mako 
 Yami and Mokuba 
 Yami and Ghost Kaiba 
 Joey and Rex 
 Mai and PaniK 
 Yami and PaniK 
 Joey and Bonz 
 Yami, Joey and the Paradox Brothers 
 Yami and Kaiba 
 Téa and Mai 
 
 
Finals 
 Yami and Mai 
 Joey and Keith 
 Yami and Joey 
 Yugi, Yami Yugi and Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Yami and Pegasus 
 Mai and Rex 
 Yami Yugi and Yami Bakura 
 Joey and Kaiba 
 Kaiba and Pegasus 
 
 Other events 
 
 Pegasus' KaibaCorp takeover attempt 
 Journey to Duelist Kingdom 
 Mai and Yugi's group's campout 
 Dinner party 
 Pegasus assassination attempt 
 Yami Bakura and Pegasus' Shadow Game 
 
 Items 
 
 Dueling Gauntlet 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Pegasus' diary 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest?cb=20101005173352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0f/Pegasus_VS_Yami_Yugi_-_TV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20170624163411', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Duels, Shadow Games