Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_174


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 174 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji 
 発動！「クリアー・ワールド」恐怖のネガティブエフェクト 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect 
 
 
 Number 
 174 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 February 13, 2008 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Precious Time, Glory Days " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Endless Dream " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Featured card 
 Clear World 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 4) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " 
 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " 
 
 
 
 
 "Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect"  is the one hundred and seventy-fourth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on February 13, 2008.
 Atticus  continues his  Duel  with  Nightshroud  as the latter reveals he has possessed  Yusuke Fujiwara . Fujiwara's " Clear "  monsters  are unaffected by his " Clear World "  Field Spell , and thus its devastating  effects  are only inflicted to Atticus.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Atticus Rhodes vs. Yusuke Fujiwara 
 3   Errors 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
   This summary is currently incomplete. 
 Atticus  is glad to see that  Yusuke Fujiwara  is alive, as he has assumed he had died during his experiments. When asked why he did what he did, Yusuke replies that in the  World of Darkness , there are no winners, no losers, no loneliness, no suffering - only a sense of unity. He says that all minds become one and all feelings are shared. He states that a person's dreams, the reality a person truly wishes for is what they will experience in the World of Darkness. Fujiwara appears to be fully under the control of  Nightshroud  (in the Japanese version, Nightshroud's name was "Darkness").
 Atticus is unconvinced, and the  Duel  continues. Fujiwara activates " Clear World ", and four crystals appear in the sky, which block out the landscape and all of the  Trueman  clones. Save for the  Duelists , only  Jaden  and  Jesse  remain. Fujiwara reveals that "Clear World" forces both players to deal with a different negative effect depending on the  attributes  of the monsters they have face-up. " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " is a  DARK -attribute monster, and the player cannot declare an attack with a monster of that attribute face-up while " Clear World " is active. Fujiwara states that both attributes and personality are unneeded things in the the World of Darkness. He then activates " Clear Sacrifice ",  removing  the " Clear Phantom " and " Clear Rage Golem " in his  Graveyard  from play to  Summon  " Clear Vice Dragon " without  Tribute . As " Clear " monsters have no attribute through their own effects, Fujiwara is unaffected by "Clear World".
 Atticus declares all of Fujiwara's musings to be "nonsense" and states that he is simply ignorant of unlimited potential of humankind. In order to help Atticus see more clearly, Fujiwara allows him to again witness what his friends are experiencing in the World of Darkness.  Chazz  is once again Dueling in the  Pro League  and has not yet won a Duel. Should he lose the one he's currently in, he'll be forced to retire. He suddenly finds himself on the street, and is challenged to an  Ante Duel  by a gang of  Rare Hunters . He again has " Reload " in his hand, and is about to draw " Ojama Yellow ". Fed up with the situation, Chazz instead draws the second card from the top of his  Deck  and Summons it - " Masked Dragon ". However, he immediately finds himself back in his last Pro League match, and is immediately disqualified for his actions. He is then engulfed in waves of darkness, finally accepting his fate.
 Syrus  is still attempting to build a " Cyber Style  Pro League" with his  brother , but cannot carry the weight. He informs his brother, who crumbles to dust as Syrus is engulfed in waves of darkness, he too, accepting his fate.  Alexis  is failing as a teacher, and after encountering clones of herself who deride her efforts, accepts her fate and is engulfed in the black waves. In doing so, the three are essentially erased from existence as they are assimilated in the World of Darkness itself. Fujiwara attacks with "Clear Vice Dragon", but Atticus activates his face-down " Burst Breath ", destroying both monsters. Using " Nihilistic Summoning Technique ", Fujiwara Special Summons his removed "Clear Rage Golem" (though with zero attack points) and  equips  it with " Attribute Mastery " and " Attribute Bomb ", declaring the DARK-attribute for both effects. The former will destroy any monster that battles with "Clear Rage Golem" without  damage calculation , while the latter will inflict 1000 damage to the opponent when a monster is destroyed with "Clear Rage Golem".
 Atticus manages to Summon " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " again, and reduces Fujiwara's  Life Points  to 200 with " Inferno Fire Blast ". Atticus apologizes for being unable to save Fujiwara when he disappeared. Fujiwara attacks with "Clear Rage Golem" and the effect of " Attribute Bomb " would win him the Duel, but Atticus activates his face-down " Red-Eyes Burn ", which inflicting the ATK of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" to both players, thus appearing to end the Duel in a  draw . However, this is all revealed to have taken place in Atticus's mind, as Fujiwara looked into it to determine what Atticus' darkness of heart was, so that he could exploit it. Determining that it was the fact that he couldn't save Fujiwara, the Duel continues from when "Clear Vice Dragon" attacks. This time, Fujiwara  discards  "Attribute Mastery" with the effect of "Clear Vice Dragon", rendering "Burst Breath" ineffective and winning him the Duel. Atticus is absorbed into the World of Darkness and Fujiwara calmly suggests that the final confrontation between him, Jaden, and Jesse begin.
 
 Featured Duel: Atticus Rhodes vs. Yusuke Fujiwara 
 Duel continues from  the previous episode .
 Turn 5: Yusuke 
Nightshroud has just revealed that he is Yusuke Fujiwara. Yusuke draws " Clear World " and subsequently activates it. Now a negative effect will be imposed on both players depending on the  Attribute  of their respective monsters. However, Yusuke is unaffected by "Clear World" as  Clear  monsters are treated as having no attribute while on the field. Yusuke activates " Clear Sacrifice " by revealing " Clear Vice Dragon " and  removing from play  " Clear Phantom " and " Clear Rage Golem " from his  Graveyard . 
 Yusuke then Normal Summons "Clear Vice Dragon" (0/0) without  Tribute  in  Attack Position . "Clear Vice Dragon" then attacks " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ". Due to the second effect of "Clear Vice Dragon", its ATK becomes equal to twice the ATK of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" until the end of the Damage Step ("Clear Vice Dragon": 0 → 4800/0), but Atticus activates his face-down " Burst Breath " to  Tribute  "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and destroy "Clear Vice Dragon".
 Turn 6: Atticus 
Atticus draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Hunter Dragon " (1700/100) in Attack Position. Yusuke explains that since "Hunter Dragon" is a DARK monster, "Clear World" forbids Atticus' monsters from attacking.  [Notes 1] 
 Turn 7: Yusuke 
Yusuke draws. He then activates his face-down " Nihilistic Summoning Technique " to Special Summon "Clear Rage Golem" from his  Removed from Play Zone  in Attack Position with 0 ATK (1600 → 0/1800). He then activates " Attribute Mastery ", equipping it to "Clear Rage Golem" and declaring DARK for its effect. Now when "Clear Rage Golem" battles a monster of the declared Attribute, that monster will be destroyed before  damage calculation . 
 Yusuke then activates " Attribute Bomb ", equipping it to "Clear Rage Golem" and declaring DARK for its effect. Now when " Clear Rage Golem " battles a monster of the declared Attribute, Atticus will take 1000 damage. "Clear Rage Golem" attacks "Hunter Dragon". The effect of "Attribute Mastery" activates, destroying "Hunter Dragon". The effect of "Attribute Bomb" activates (Atticus 1700 → 700).
 Turn 8: Atticus 
Atticus draws. He then activates " Dark Factory of Mass Production " to add "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and "Hunter Dragon" from his Graveyard to his  hand . He then Normal Summons " Red-Eyes Black Chick " (800/500) in Attack Position. Atticus then Tributes "Red-Eyes Black Chick" in order to Special Summon "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" (2400/2000) from his hand in Attack Position. The DARK effect of "Clear World" is placed on Atticus again. Atticus then activates " Inferno Fire Blast " to target "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" and inflict the original ATK of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" as damage to Yusuke (Yusuke 2600 → 200). Atticus  Sets  a card.
 Turn 9: Yusuke 
Yusuke draws. "Clear Rage Golem" attacks "Red-Eyes Black Dragon". The effect of "Attribute Mastery" activates, destroying "Red-Eyes Black Dragon". Atticus then activates his face-down " Red-Eyes Burn ", inflicting the ATK of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" as damage to both players (Atticus 700 → 0, Yusuke 200 → 0).
 The Duel would end in a  draw  at this point, but it's then revealed that Yusuke was trying to find out what Atticus' darkness was and that everything after the summoning of "Clear Vice Dragon" was in Atticus' mind.
 Turn 5: Yusuke 
"Clear Vice Dragon" attacks "Red-Eyes Black Dragon". Due to the second effect of "Clear Vice Dragon", its ATK becomes equal to twice the ATK of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" until the end of the Damage Step ("Clear Vice Dragon": 0 → 4800/0). Atticus activates his face-down "Burst Breath" in response, but Yusuke activates the fourth effect of "Clear Vice Dragon" to negate and destroy "Burst Breath" by discarding " Attribute Mastery ". "Clear Vice Dragon" then destroys "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" (Atticus 1700 → 0). [Notes 2] 
 
 Errors 
 Burst Breath sacrificing Red-Eyes B. Dragon would have been a cost to activate the trap card's effect. Thus even if negated, Atticus shouldn't have lost the duel, as Clear Vice Dragon would have had 0 ATK when Red-Eyes B. Dragon was sacrificed for the cost. Furthermore, based on the cards used in the vision, Atticus should have been able to get the duel to end in a draw provided the same cards as the vision followed accordingly. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Atticus Rhodes Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Hunter Dragon 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Black Chick Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 Inferno Fire Blast 
 Traps 
 Burst Breath 
 Red-Eyes Burn 
 
 Nightshroud/Yusuke Fujiwara Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Clear Phantom 
 Clear Rage Golem 
 Clear Vice Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Attribute Bomb 
 Attribute Mastery 
 Clear Sacrifice 
 Clear World 
 Traps 
 Memory Snatcher 
 Nihilistic Summoning Technique 
 
 Other Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Effect Monsters 
 Masked Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Power Bond 
 Reload 
 Traps 
 Doble Passe 
 
 Flashback Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Yellow Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Reload 
 Notes 
 
 ↑    In the  TCG / OCG , the  effect  of " Clear World " that disallows the  attacks  of  DARK - attribute   monsters  is only valid when that player has two or monsters on the  field . 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Burst Breath " would have  sent  " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " to the  Graveyard  regardless as a  Tribute  to pay for the  cost  of  activation ; thus, Atticus would not have lost at that point as " Clear Vice Dragon " would be at 0  ATK  with no other monsters on the field. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 4 episodes 
 #157 " The Approaching Threat! A Mysterious Visitor " #158 " Goodbye, Duel Academia! The Road Judai Chooses " #159 " The Truth About Darkness! Judai Versus Fubuki " #160 " Fused Souls! Neos Versus Five God Dragon " #161 " Shall We Duel? An Invitation to a Pair Duel " #162 " Judai VS Asuka! A Set Card Full of Hidden Feelings " #163 " A Challenge from Psycho Shocker " #164 " The Inherited Cyberdark Dragon " #165 " Take Aim, Manjome! The Road to Being a Pro Duelist! " #166 " Armed Dragon Versus Dragoon D-END! " #167 " Thank-You Duel! Cronos Versus the Original Drop-Out Boy " #168 " The Graduation Duels Begin! Neos Versus Horus the Black Flame Dragon " #169 " The Price of Decisiveness! The Darkness in O'Brien's Flame " #170 " Saio Returns! The Decisive Power of Absolute Destiny!! " #171 " The Final Stage of Destiny! Magma Neos Versus The Dark Ruler " #172 " Duel Academia in Peril! The Gem Beasts Block the Way " #173 " The Invasion of Darkness! Stolen Memories " #174 " Activate! "Clear World" - Ferocious Negative Effect " #175 " Battle Royal! Judai VS Johan VS Fujiwara " #176 " Rainbow Neos, Protector of Bonds VS Clear Vicious Knight " #177 " Combo of Terror! "Zero and Infinity" " #178 " The Last Hope! Yuki Judai " #179 " Farewell, Judai! A Tearful Graduation Ceremony " #180 " The True Graduation Duel! Judai VS The Legendary Duelist " 
 
 
 << S1  •   << S2  •   << S3 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/be/Series174.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20080208231418', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f4/Ambox_content.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20101005173352']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes