Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gravekeeper%27s


 
 Gravekeeper's 
 墓守 「 はかもり 」  ( Hakamori ) 
 墓守の 「 はかもりの 」  ( Hakamori no ) 
 
 
 
 
 From left to right: " Heretic ", " Nobleman ", " Oracle ", " Ambusher " and " Shaman " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Protecteurs du Tombeau 
 
 
 German 
 Grabwächter 
 
 
 Italian 
 Custode di Tombe 
 
 
 Korean 
 묘지기 墓??   (Hanja)   Myojigi   (romanized) 묘지기의 (formerly) 墓??? Myojigiui 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 do Coveiro Coveiro (formerly) 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Cuidador de Tumbas 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Spell Ruler Pharaonic Guardian Force of the Breaker Absolute Powerforce Legacy of the Valiant Soul Fusion 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Dark Beginning 1 Dark Revelation Volume 1 Champion Pack: Game Three Retro Pack Dark Legends Structure Deck: Marik Turbo Pack: Booster Two Absolute Powerforce Sneak Peek Participation Card Starstrike Blast Gold Series 4: Pyramids Edition Legendary Collection 3: Yugi's World Mega Pack Speed Duel Starter Decks: Destiny Masters Speed Duel: Arena of Lost Souls King's Court Magnificent Mavens 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 The New Ruler Duelist Legacy Volume.1 Extra Pack Volume 3 Extra Pack Volume 4 Beginner's Edition 1 Structure Deck: Marik Expert Edition Volume 4 Tournament Pack 2011 Vol.3 Duelist Pack: Duelists of Pyroxene Pharaonic Legend Pack 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support Anti-support 
 
 
 
 
 " Gravekeeper's " ( 墓 守   Hakamori , formerly  墓 守 の  Hakamori no ) is an  archetype  of  Spellcaster   monsters  based on ancient Egyptian tomb-keepers. All of its members are  DARK  monsters, except for the  EARTH  " Gravekeeper's Commandant ".
 "Gravekeeper's" Decks usually revolve around " Necrovalley " and gains power from it, while avoiding its drawbacks. This Deck tends to prevent the opponent from affecting cards placed in the  Graveyard , as well as keeping  field control  with its ability to  swarm .
 Arguably, they could be considered the first group of cards that could truly be called an "archetype", as they were the first archetype to receive archetype-specific support, with members and support for the archetype debuting in  Pharaonic Guardian .
 The  Gravekeeper's Chief  and  Assailant  were present in the anime. The former Duels against  Jaden Yuki , giving him a hard time, but eventually Jaden manages to beat him. After the defeat, he gave Jaden one half of the  Shadow Charm  pendant, telling him that another person ( Atticus Rhodes ) has the other half. Outside the duel itself, the  Curse  and  Guard  also made non-speaking cameos. 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 2   Playing style 
 
 2.1   Strategy 
 2.2   Weaknesses 
 2.3   Optional support 
 
 
 3   Recommended cards 
 
 
 Design 
 The archetype debuted in  Pharaonic Guardian , a set that also introduced a ton of  Zombie  cards into the game, some of which were based on Mummies. This was thematically intentional. Being tomb keepers, their job is to stop Zombies from arising from their graves and causing havoc, and their  Field Spell Card  “ Necrovalley ” is designed to specifically counter Zombie cards, as it shuts off any access to the graveyard (ironically enough, with the new errata, “Necrovalley” can actually counter the field spell “ Zombie World ”).
 The "new" "Gravekeeper's" monsters that were released in later sets bear a strong resemblance to members of the  Ishtar  family, likely because they were Tomb Guardians. Neither  Marik  nor  Ishizu  use this archetype in the anime, but both have showcased new and old "Gravekeeper's" monsters in  scripted duels . 
 
 Playing style 
 Strategy 
 The key card to the "Gravekeeper's" Deck is " Necrovalley ", a  Field Spell Card  that increases the  ATK  and  DEF  of "Gravekeeper's" monsters by 500. "Necrovalley" also stops  effects from affecting cards in the  Graveyard , like " Monster Reborn " and " Call of the Haunted ", and prevents either player from  banishing  from their Graveyards with cards like " Soul Release ". However, "Necrovalley" does not prevent effects that  activate  in the Graveyard, so cards like " Mystic Tomato " and " Pyramid Turtle " still activate.
 Because of the effects of "Necrovalley", this Deck tends to be somewhat anti-meta, countering " Zombie ", and to a certain extent, " Psychic " monsters, " Inzektor ", and " Chaos Dragon ". It is therefore an ideal anti-meta Deck. Because most of the "Gravekeeper's" monsters are  DARK  they can also use " Allure of Darkness ", and other DARK  Attribute   support  cards.
 Although "Necrovalley" stops most Graveyard related effects, "Gravekeeper's" have their own support that are unaffected by "Necrovalley", namely " Rite of Spirit " and " Gravekeeper's Stele ". " Gravekeeper's Chief " enables your graveyard to be unaffected by " Necrovalley ". This enables the use of the effect of " Dark Armed Dragon ". Your opponent is also allowed to target your graveyard however, so this could become a disadvantage.
 With the  Starstrike Blast  set release came one of the most important members of the  archetype  with " Gravekeeper's Recruiter ". This monster acts like a "Gravekeeper's" exclusive " Witch of the Black Forest ", allowing the player to add a "Gravekeeper's" monster with 1500 or less DEF from the Deck to the hand. The multiple combinations possible with this creature to generate advantage and thin the Deck adds much needed consistency to the "Gravekeeper's" archetype.
 With the release of  Legacy of the Valiant , the "Gravekeeper's" lockdown becomes even more fearsome. " Gravekeeper's Shaman " can protect " Necrovalley " and at the same time prevent effects that  activate  in the Graveyard, completely locking down the Graveyard. " Gravekeeper's Nobleman " can call out any "Gravekeeper's" in face-down defence position; it can help bring out " Gravekeeper's Spy " or " Gravekeeper's Guard " and use their  Flip Effects , allowing "Spy's" effect to be used to Special Summon high-level Gravekeeper monsters without tribute. " Gravekeeper's Ambusher " can recycle "Necrovalley". " Gravekeeper's Oracle " can destroy any annoying Flip Effect Monster and is a great beatstick with an ATK ranging from 2400 to over 3000. Finally, the "Gravekeeper's" field control is complete with " Gravekeeper's Heretic " who is not affected by any card effects as long as " Necrovalley " is on the field, even "Necrovalley" itself.
 To protect the main card in the Deck, " Necrovalley ", you can use "Gravekeeper's Shaman", " Field Barrier ", " Malefic Stardust Dragon " or " Number 66: Master Key Beetle "
 The use of " Necrovalley " in this  archetype  prevents the opponent from using the  Graveyard  as a resource. Therefore, a very large number of opposing strategies will be at a severe disadvantage while this card is on the  field  ( Zombie , " Infernity ", " X-Saber ",  Dragon , " Blackwing ", " Inzektor ", etc.). It is also very effective against strategies that rely on banishing cards from the Graveyard to activate their effects.
 They also have excellent search capabilities, as exemplified by " Gravekeeper's Spy " "Gravekeeper's Nobleman" and " Gravekeeper's Recruiter ". "Recruiter" is especially useful in this respect, creating fantastic combinations with " Gravekeeper's Descendant ".
 After the latest supports, the Gravekeeper's lockdown strategy became even more fearsome and complete. With " Necrovalley Temple " is now possible not only to recover "Necrovalley" directly from the GY, but also to weaken the opponent's monsters attack and defense by 500 points. " Necrovalley Throne " is now the most valuable searching tool, allowing to search for any "Gravekeeper" monster or to normal summon an additional "Gravekeeper" monster. Also, new monsters like " Gravekeeper's Spiritualist " and " Gravekeeper's Headman " not only give more consistency and recovery power to the deck, but also allow to fusion summon " Gravekeeper's Supernaturalist " that act both as a beatstick and as a "Necrovalley" protector, while also shielding himself and adding extra searching power. Finally, " Hidden Temples of Necrovalley " is objectively the most dangerous card of the deck, preventing the opponent from special summoning any monster except for "Gravekeeper's" monsters.
 
 Weaknesses 
 Their intense reliance on "Necrovalley" and their own effects makes them very vulnerable to opponents who enjoy using  Spell  and  Trap   destroying  effects and monster card  negating  effects, so cards to protect "Necrovalley" (such as " Malefic Stardust Dragon "), and traps that can help the player maintain a field and hand advantage over a stronger opponent despite losing access to  Monster Card  effects amid other things are highly recommended.
 " Consecrated Light " is another weakness of this Deck because it is almost entirely made up of DARK monsters. The only good thing is that it still allows you to  Set  DARK monsters. Luckily, it is only found in the Side Deck of most Decks and cards like " Cyber Dragon " and " Fissure " can be sided to eliminate it. Also, " Gravekeeper's Commandant " can destroy it by battle and you can  flip  " Gravekeeper's Descendant " and activate its effect.
 " Shadow-Imprisoning Mirror " can also be very troublesome for "Gravekeeper's" Decks as it stops the effects of all "Gravekeeper's" monsters other than " Gravekeeper's Commandant " from being used. " Last Day of Witch " and other anti-Spellcaster cards can also cause problems for "Gravekeeper's" since all of them are  Spellcasters .
 Your opponent may use " Mind Control " on your  face-down  "Spy" or "Guard" and then  Flip Summon  them on their side of the field, which is especially deadly in the mirror match as "Spy" will provide field advantage for your opponent. "Guard" could also decrease your field presence and leave you open for an attack.
 "Gravekeeper's" Decks most destructive weapon, " Royal Tribute ", can put you at a severe disadvantage when Dueling a " Dark World " Deck, as these gain powerful effects from being discarded by an opponent's effect. This can be partly solved by siding them out for Anti-Meta cards, such as " The End of Anubis ", " Dimensional Fissure ", " D.D. Crow ", or " Secret Village of the Spellcasters ".
 
 Optional support 
 " Tsukuyomi " can recycle the effects of "Spy" and "Guard"; this is particularly useful with ones activated during your opponents turn. Additionally, it can flip the opponent's monsters face-down so they are unable to use effects, or to make it easily destroyed by battle. 
 " Gagagashield " can make any "Gravekeeper" invulnerable to attacks and card effects twice per turn. This card combos well with "Gravekeeper's Descendant" to strengthen the "Spy-Descendant-Recruiter" combo, making this card a +1. 
 " Inari Fire " is useful if you want an Xyz Material that can be freely Special Summoned from the hand. He also has a nice effect that allows him to Special Summon himself from the Graveyard if destroyed by an effect. 
 " The End of Anubis " is useful in this deck as it works like "Necrovalley" with the added bonus of negating effects in the graveyard. 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Gravekeeper's Ambusher 
 Gravekeeper's Assailant 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Gravekeeper's Commandant 
 Gravekeeper's Descendant 
 Gravekeeper's Guard 
 Gravekeeper's Heretic 
 Gravekeeper's Nobleman 
 Gravekeeper's Oracle 
 Gravekeeper's Priestess 
 Gravekeeper's Recruiter 
 Gravekeeper's Shaman 
 Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier 
 Gravekeeper's Spy 
 Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Magical Undertaker 
 Spirit monsters 
 Tsukuyomi 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Dragodies, the Empowered Warrior 
 Dragonox, the Empowered Warrior Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Gravekeeper's Supernaturalist 
 Masked HERO Dark Law 
 Quintet Magician 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Abyss Dweller 
 Alchemic Magician 
 Evilswarm Nightmare 
 Evilswarm Ouroboros 
 Number 66: Master Key Beetle 
 Number 104: Masquerade 
 Other  Rank 4  monsters 
 Link Monsters 
 Crowley, the First Propheseer 
 Wee Witch's Apprentice Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Gravekeeper's Servant 
 Gravekeeper's Stele 
 Hidden Temples of Necrovalley 
 Necrovalley 
 Necrovalley Throne 
 Royal Tribute 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Book of Moon 
 Card of Demise 
 Double Summon 
 Magicalized Fusion 
 Mask Change II 
 Polymerization 
 Spellbook of Knowledge 
 Spellbook of Power 
 Spellbook of Wisdom 
 Ties of the Brethren 
 Wonder Wand 
 Traps 
 Imperial Tombs of Necrovalley 
 Rite of Spirit 
 Dark Illusion 
 Dark Renewal 
 Darklight 
 Deck Devastation Virus 
 Eradicator Epidemic Virus 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension 
 Full Force Virus 
 Gagagashield 
 Grinning Grave Virus 
 Lose 1 Turn 
 Magician's Circle 
 Paradox Fusion 
 Skill Drain 
 Soul Transition 
   
" Gravekeeper's " 「 墓 守 」 Members 
 Gravekeeper's Ambusher Gravekeeper's Assailant Gravekeeper's Cannonholder Gravekeeper's Chief Gravekeeper's Commandant Gravekeeper's Curse Gravekeeper's Descendant Gravekeeper's Guard Gravekeeper's Headman Gravekeeper's Heretic Gravekeeper's Nobleman Gravekeeper's Oracle Gravekeeper's Priestess Gravekeeper's Recruiter Gravekeeper's Shaman Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier Gravekeeper's Spiritualist Gravekeeper's Spy Gravekeeper's Supernaturalist Gravekeeper's Vassal Gravekeeper's Visionary Gravekeeper's Watcher 
 Gravekeeper's Engraving Gravekeeper's Servant Gravekeeper's Stele Gravekeeper's Trap 
 Support 
 Charm of Shabti Gravekeeper's Cannonholder Gravekeeper's Chief Gravekeeper's Descendant Gravekeeper's Headman Gravekeeper's Nobleman Gravekeeper's Oracle Gravekeeper's Priestess Gravekeeper's Recruiter Gravekeeper's Shaman Gravekeeper's Spy Gravekeeper's Supernaturalist Gravekeeper's Visionary 
 Gravekeeper's Stele Gravekeeper's Trap Hidden Temples of Necrovalley Imperial Tombs of Necrovalley Necrovalley Necrovalley Temple Necrovalley Throne Rite of Spirit 
 Anti-support 
 Hidden Temples of Necrovalley Imperial Tombs of Necrovalley 
 Related 
 A Cat of Ill Omen Mudora the Sword Oracle Night Assailant An Owl of Luck 
 Exchange of the Spirit 
 
 v e 
" Gravekeeper's " 「 墓 守 」 a   Members 
 Gravekeeper's Assailant Gravekeeper's Chief Gravekeeper's Curse Gravekeeper's Descendant Gravekeeper's Guard Gravekeeper's Spear Soldier Gravekeeper's Spy Gravekeeper's Watcher 
 Support 
 Charm of Shabti Gravekeeper's Chief Gravekeeper's Descendant Gravekeeper's Spy Necrovalley Rite of Spirit 
 Related 
 Royal Tribute 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f6/Mat-WCQRegional-Gravekeepers.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140714212500']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s)