Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Primo_(Duel_Links)


 
 Primo 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Primo 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Jason Griffith 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Masakazu Nemoto 
 
 
 
 Primo  is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Primo , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime. He first appeared on March 18th, 2021 as a roaming Duelist alongside  Ghost . Primo later appeared as an unlockable character on May 22nd, 2021 in the event:  Raid Duel - Fear the Meklord Emperor! . He was added to the gate on November 24th 2021. Black Gate Keys are required to duel Primo at the Gate.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 
 
 4   Level-up Rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 As one of the three Emperors of Illiaster, Primo aimed to rewrite the present to prevent a post-apocalyptic future. That required the complete destruction of New Domino City, which he was more than willing to do with his army of Duel Bots and his powerful "Meklord Emperor Wisel".
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Chibi Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Primo Deck Monsters  (18) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Brave Scizzar  x3 
 Disk Magician  x3 
 Holograh  x3 
 Megasonic Eye 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Jinzo 7  x3 
 Wisel Attack 
 Wisel Top Spells  (1) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Magnet Circle LV2 
 Traps 
 Divergence 
 Level 10 
 
 A New Threat Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Mechanical Snail  x3 
 Sword Slasher 
 Yaiba Robo  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 D.D. Scout Plane  x3 
 Hack Worm  x2 
 Jinzo 7  x2 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Air Cracking Storm 
 Machine Duplication  x2 
 Magnet Circle LV2  x2 
 Level 20 
 
 Meklord Emperor: Human Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Tool 
 Brave Scizzar  x3 
 Cyber Falcon  x2 
 Cyber Soldier of Darkworld  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ally Salvo 
 Cannon Soldier 
 D.D. Patrol Plane  x2 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Sonic Jammer Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Creeping Darkness  x2 
 Machine Conversion Factory 
 Traps 
 Escape from the Dark Dimension  x2 
 Level 30 
 
 Synchro Destroyers Monsters  (16) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ally Salvo  x2 
 Genex Ally Changer 
 Genex Turbine  x2 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel  x3 
 Scrap Breaker 
 Scrap Shark  x3 
 Wisel Attack 
 Wisel Carrier 
 Wisel Guard 
 Wisel Top Spells  (2) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Machine Conversion Factory  x2 
 Traps 
 Battle Return 
 Divergence 
 Level 40 
 
 Steel Slash Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Ally Salvo 
 Genex Ally Duradark 
 Genex Ally Powercell  x3 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel  x3 
 Wisel Attack 
 Wisel Attack 3 
 Wisel Carrier 
 Wisel Guard 
 Wisel Guard 3 
 Wisel Top 
 Wisel Top 3 Spells   &  Traps  (5) 
 Traps 
 Convert Ghost 
 Divergence 
 Labyrinth of Kline 
 Spark Breaker 
 Twin Vortex 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Attack "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Primo)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Top "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Primo)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Guard "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Carrier "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 LP Boost α ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Battle Return "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Attack "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Top "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 No One to Love ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Guard "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Carrier "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Infinity Force "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Primo)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Battle Return "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Guard "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Wisel Carrier "
 
 
 36
 
 1 UR Jewel
 
 
 37
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 38
 
 1 copy of " Battle Return "
 
 
 39
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 40
 
 1 copy of " Twin Vortex "
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Primo, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Unauthorized Bootup Device "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Spark Breaker "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Labyrinth of Kline "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Genex Ally Volcannon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Dimension Fortress Weapon "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Wisel Attack 3 "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Opti-Camouflage Armor "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Searchlightman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Jinzo 7 "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Divergence "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ally of Justice Rudra "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Blocker "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Meklord Emperor: Human
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 "Meklord Emperor Wisel" to your Deck. In addition, if your Life Points are at 2500 or lower, you can place 1 "Spark Breaker" face-up on your field from outside of your Deck. (This effect can only be used once.)
 
 Level 1
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increase starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 No One to Love
 
 Can only be used on your next turn after your monster is destroyed by a card effect. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add 1 "Meklord Emperor Wisel" to your hand from your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Castle of Machines
 
 Return 1 "Meklord Emperor" monster in your hand to the owner's Deck and add 1 "Meklord Fortress" to your hand from outside your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Gathering of Ghosts
 
 Can only be used the turn you have activated "DNA Transplant". Return 1 DARK monster in your hand to your Deck and play 1 "Ally Salvo" from outside your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel, and only if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than Machine-Type monsters.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Parts Replacement [Wisel]
 
 Change 1 face-up monster on your field whose original name is "Wisel Top", "Wisel Attack", or "Wisel Guard" to "Wisel Top 3", "Wisel Attack 3", "Wisel Guard 3" that includes the same name. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Parts Separation [Wisel]
 
 Can be used if you have a "Meklord Emperor Wisel" monster on your field and you have 0 cards in your Extra Deck. Return up to 2 Level 1 DARK Machine-Type monsters in your hand to your Deck and play "Wisel Top", "Wisel Attack", "Wisel Guard", or "Wisel Carrier" (max. 1 each) up to the number of monsters you have returned. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Shadow Card
 
 Can be used if your Life Points are at 2500 or below. Return 1 DARK monster in your hand to your Deck and then add 1 " Hook the Hidden Knight " to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Synchro Destroyer
 
 Can be used if your opponent controls a Synchro Monster. Play 1 "Meklord Emperor" monster from your hand. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Wisel Combined!
 
 Select 1 monster on your field whose original name is "Meklord Emperor Wisel" and change it to "Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption". This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Mission
 
 
 Allured by Darkness
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1800. Instead of conducting your normal draw, "Allure of Darkness" is added to your hand from outside your Deck.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gains the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yusei Fudo 
 When starting a Duel with  Yusei Fudo , Primo announces "I'm the one who will strike you down, Yusei Fudo!" or "When I defeat you, I'll snatch your Stardust Dragon!"
 When he wins the Duel, Primo says "Synchro is far too great for a pest like you to wield!" followed by "You have failed, just like your Father!" or "Vanish along with the world, Yusei!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Primo says "Yusei Fudo, I will get my revenge!" 
 Aporia, Paradox 
 When starting a Duel with  Aporia  or  Paradox , Primo announces "Don't order me around! I do whatever I want!"
 When he wins the Duel, Primo says "Hahahaha! Look at that! You lost!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Primo says "Humph... Fine." 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Primo Summons " Meklord Emperor Wisel ", a cut-in frame of Primo briefly appears, and he makes an announcement.
 When he Summons this card, he makes one of the following announcements":
 "Combine into one, Meklord Emperor Wisel!" 
 "Do you feel a dark shadow of doom closing around you?" followed by "It's the shadow cast by my Meklord Emperor Wisel!" 
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Meklord Emperor Wisel, attack!" followed by "Stainless Steel Slash!" 
 When Primo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces ""An effect destroyed my monster, so I Special Summon this!" 
 When Primo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces ""Meklord Emperor Wisel absorbs your Synchro Monster! Your Synchro Monster will fuel my Meklord's strength! Synchro Absorption!" 
 When Primo activates the third effect of that monster, he announces ""Meklord Emperor Wisel negates and destroys your Spell!" 
 When Primo Summons " Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption ", a cut-in frame of Primo briefly appears, and he announces "Power up, Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Meklord Emperor Wisel - Synchro Absorption, Take 'em down! Stainless Steel Slash!" 
 When Primo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I send a Meklord to the GY to Special Summon this! 
 When Primo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "By Special Summoning it, one of your monsters can't attack!" 
 When Primo activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "I Tribute this card to negate and destroy THAT card!" 
 When Primo Summons " Meklord Emperor Granel ", a cut-in frame of Primo's face briefly appears, and he announces "Jacob's card... give me your power! Combine into Meklord Emperor Granel!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Meklord Emperor Granel! Final Bombardment! 
 When Primo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I use Meklord Emperor Granel's effect to Special Summon it! 
 When Primo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Meklord Emperor Granel snatches your Synchro Monster!" 
 When Primo activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Meklord Emperor Granel's effect activates! It Special Summons a monster that's equipped to it!" 
 When Primo Summons " Meklord Emperor Skiel ", a cut-in frame of Primo's face briefly appears, and he announces "Lester, I'm borrowing your card. Combine! Meklord Emperor Skiel!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces ""Meklord Emperor Skiel, let 'em have it!" 
 When Primo activates the first effect of that monster, he announces ""I'll use Meklord Emperor Skiel's effect to Special Summon it! 
 When Primo activates the second effect of that monster, he announces ""Meklord Emperor Skiel, absorb that Synchro Monster! 
 When Primo activates the third effect of that monster, he announces ""I send a monster equipped to my Skiel to the GY!" It can now attack you directly this turn!" 
 When Primo Summons " Absurd Stealer ", he announces "Absurd Stealer!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Absurd Stealer, attack!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Absurd Stealer's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Ally Salvo ", he announces "Ally Salvo!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Take this! Ally Salvo, attack! Shadow Spread! 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Ally Salvo is destroyed, I can destroy 2 cards!" 
 When Primo Summons " Granel Attack ", he announces "Granel Attack!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em, Granel Attack! 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Granel Attack's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Granel Carrier ", he announces "Granel Carrier!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Granel Carrier!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Granel Carrier's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Granel Top ", he announces "Granel Top!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Granel Top, attack! 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Granel Top's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Skiel Guard ", he announces "Skiel Guard!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Skiel Guard!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skiel Guard's effect activates! 
 When Primo Summons " Wisel Attack ", he announces ""Wisel Attack!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Wisel Attack!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces ""Wisel Attack's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Wisel Attack 3 ", he announces "Wisel Attack 3!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go get 'em Wisel Attack 3! 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wisel Attack 3's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Wisel Guard 3 ", he announces "Wisel Guard 3!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wisel Guard 3 attacks!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wisel Guard 3's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Wisel Top ", he announces "Wisel Top!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wisel Top, attack!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wisel Top's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Wisel Top 3 ", he announces "Wisel Top 3!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wisel Top 3, attack!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wisel Top 3's effect activates!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 When Primo activates " Divergence ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Divergence!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Primo announces "Divergence's effect activates!" 
 When Primo activates " DNA Surgery ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, DNA Surgery!" followed by "All face-up monsters change to the Type of my choosing!" 
 When Primo activates " DNA Transplant ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, DNA Transplant!" followed by "All face-up monsters change the the Attribute of my choice!" 
 When Primo activates " Labyrinth of Kline ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Labyrinth of Kline!" 
 Whenever Primo activates " Meklord Assembly ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Meklord Assembly!
 When he activates the first effect of that card, he announces "Meklord Assembly's effect activates! I discard a card to destroy 1 monster on my field!" 
 When he activates the second effect of that card, he announces "When a Meklord is destroyed, Meklord Assembly activates! It destroys 1 face-up Spell or Trap Card!" 
 Whenever Primo activates " Meklord Fortress ", he announces "I activate my Field Spell, Meklord Fortress! Synchro Monsters can no longer affect Meklord Emperors!
 When activating the effect of that card, Primo announces "When Meklord Fortress is destroyed, it's effect activates! I add 1 Meklord Emperor from my Deck to my hand!" 
 When Primo activates " Mektimed Blast ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Mektimed Blast! It destroys my Meklord and 1 card on your field!" 
 When Primo activates " Reboot ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Reboot! I return a Meklord to my deck to get another Meklord card!" 
 When Primo activates " Spark Breaker ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Spark Breaker!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Primo announces "Spark Breaker's effect activates!" 
 When Primo activates " Trap Stun ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Trap Stun!" followed by "All other Trap Cards are negated this turn!" 
 When Primo activates " Twin Vortex ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Twin Vortex! 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Primo Summons " Grand Core ", he announces "Grand Core!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Grand Core attacks!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Grand Core's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Granel Guard ", he announces "Granel Guard!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Granel Guard attacks! 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Granel Guard's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Skiel Attack ", he announces "Skiel Attack!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Skiel Attack! 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skiel Attack's effect activates! 
 When Primo Summons " Skiel Attack 3 ", he announces "Skiel Attack 3!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Skiel Attack 3, charge!!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skiel Attack 3's effect activates! 
 When Primo Summons " Skiel Attack 5 ", he announces "Skiel Attack 5!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Skiel Attack 5!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skiel Attack 5's effect activates! 
 When Primo Summons " Skiel Carrier ", he announces "Skiel Carrier!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Skiel Carrier attacks!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skiel Carrier's effect activates! 
 When Primo Summons " Skiel Carrier 3 ", he announces "Skiel Carrier 3!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Skiel Carrier 3 attacks!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skiel Carrier 3's effect activates! 
 When Primo Summons " Skiel Carrier 5 ", he announces "Skiel Carrier 5!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Skiel Carrier 5! 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skiel Carrier 5's effect activates! 
 When Primo Summons " Skiel Top ", he announces "Skiel Top!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Skiel Top, attack!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Skiel Top's effect activates! 
 When Primo Summons " Sky Core ", he announces "Sky Core!
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sky Core attacks!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Sky Core's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Wise Core ", he announces "Wise Core!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wise Core, attack!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wise Core's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Wisel Carrier ", he announces ""Wisel Carrier!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Wisel Carrier!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wisel Carrier's effect activates!" 
 When Primo Summons " Wisel Guard ", he announces ""Wisel Guard!"
 When Primo declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Wisel Guard attacks!" 
 When Primo activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Wisel Guard's effect activates!" 
 Spell/Traps 
 Whenever Primo activates " Battle Return ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Battle Return!" 
 Whenever Primo activates " Convert Ghost ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Convert Ghost!" 
 Whenever Primo activates " Infinite Prison ", he announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, Infinite Prison!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Primo announces "Infinite Prison's effect activates!" 
 Whenever Primo activates " Infinity Force ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Infinity Force!" 
 Whenever Primo activates " Limiter Removal ", he announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Limiter Removal!" 
 When Primo activates " Torrential Tribute ", he announces "I activate my Trap, Torrential Tribute! All monsters on the field are destroyed!" 
 Trivia 
 Primo is one of the few characters whose ace card, Meklord Emperor Wisel, is not of UR rarity. He shares this distinction with  Lumis and Umbra  and  Paradox Brothers 
 He is also the first and only character with this trait whose card was added after the character came out. 
 v e 
Primo (Placido) pages 
 Anime 
 World Championship 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Transer 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/aa/Primo-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/294?cb=20210625133535', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/Profile-DULI-Primo.png/revision/latest?cb=20210318104045', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/df/Icon-DULI-Primo.png/revision/latest?cb=20220515194411', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d8/Icon-DULI-Primo2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220515194425', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/Chibi-DULI-Primo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220515194443', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/CutIn-DULI-Primo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210318103651', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/Summoning-DULI-Primo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20210917234047', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/41/Defeat-DULI-Primo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/144?cb=20210917233833', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Primo pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters