Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_125


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 125 
 
 
 
 
 " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon " powers up to attack. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 烈 火 の 竜 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Rekka no Ryū 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Blazing Dragon 
 
 
 English 
 Rise of the Parasites 
 
 
 Number 
 125 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 2, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 January 12, 2018 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Pendulum Beat! " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Dashing Pendulum " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Atsushi Maekawa 
 
 
 Director 
 Naoki Kotani 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Naoki Kotani 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Hidekazu Ebina 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Paraside Seeing " 
 " An Evil Ascends " 
 
 
 
 

" Rise of the Parasites ", known as " The Blazing Dragon " in the Japanese version, is the one hundred and twenty fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It aired in Japan on October 2, 2016 and in Canada on January 12, 2018. Nicktoons aired on July 7, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on November 22, 2017. 
 As  Yuya  and  Yuto  try to save  Lulu ,  Celina  appears before them. As according to " The Doktor ’s" plan, the  Parasite Monsters  drive Yuya and Yuto into a corner. Then,  something   abnormal  happens to Yuya! As  Odd-Eyes  (who became concerned about his original owner's return) and  Dark Rebellion  appear on the field, Yuya sports a demonic expression on his face!
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duels 
 
 2.1   Yuya Sakaki/Yuto vs. Lulu Obsidian and Celina 
 2.2   Yuri vs. Sora Perse 
 
 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Differences from the preview 
 6   Trivia 
 7   Error 
 8   Differences in the dub 
 
 
 Summary 
 Sora continues his duel against Yuri with 1600 LP while Yuri remains at 4000 along with his  Ancient Gear Hydra . He thinks that despite his disadvantage he can't give up. Sora activates  Frightfur Fusion , banishing " Frightfur Bear " and two copies of " Edge Imp Frightfuloid " to Fusion Summon  Frightfur Chimera  in attack position. He then orders his monster to attack and destroy Ancient Gear Hydra, inflicting 100 damage to Yuri. Claiming that he now has upper hand, Sora Special Summons the destroyed Ancient Gear to his side of the field and immediately orders it to attack Yuri directly.
 Back at the Parasite Room, Yuto has just successfully Summoned his  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon . Celina taunts Yuto that he may try anything he wants, but he will never defeat her  Parasite Queen . Yuya also tells him to be careful of the monster's ability which gives the latter an idea. Yuto quickly grabs an Action Card  Single Destruction  and activates it to destroy Parasite Queen as Lulu shockingly watches while proclaiming Yuto can also use Action Cards (In the English Dub, she instead states that Yuto's action is starting to bug her). Celina responds by sending one of the equipped Fusion Parasite to the Graveyard to negate the Queen's destruction, claiming that destroying her monster won't be easy. With the Queen's decreased attack, Yuto orders Dark Rebellion to attack her and destroy the other Fusion Parasite. 
 Unfazed, Celina activates Parasite Queen's ability to equip one of the Parasite to Dark Rebellion and decreases its Atk by 800. The parasitic monster quickly detaches itself from its queen and moves to Dark Rebellion. As Yuto and Yuya realize that they've now fallen into her trap, Celina follows with her "payoff"  Power Parasite , which allows her to bring back the Fusion Parasite in her Graveyard and equips it to Parasite Queen while also granting her additional 300 Atk (The close up shot of Fusion Parasite attaching itself to Parasite Queen is omitted in the English Dub). The Queen's attack power raises to 2700 as she prepares to counter Dark Rebellion while Yuya proclaims in terror (In the English Dub, Yuya claims that they must find a way to dethrone her). Yuto quickly activates  The Phantom Knights' Round Blaze  from his hand to destroy all monsters on the field and end the battle phase. Both he and Celina then send each of their Parasites to the Graveyard to prevent their monsters from being destroyed. Celina praises Yuto for his tactic (In the English Dub, Celina taunts Yuto that all his flashes and bizarre amount to nothing) but Yuto replies that he is not done yet. He activates the last effect of "Round Blaze" to banish the two copies of  The Phantom Knights of Lost Vambrace  and inflicts 800 damage to Celina and Lulu as neither of the Parasites originally belong to him. Yuto then places one card face down and ends his turns. 
 
       Fusion Parasites  attaching themselves to Dark Rebellion (This shot is cut from the English Dub).     
 Annoyed, Lulu announces that it's now finally her turn and draws card. She uses the effect of Celina's  Parasite Factory  to equip her second copy of Fusion Parasite from her deck on the Queen, switching the monster control to her. She quickly follows by activating  Parasite Reborn  to bring back the two parasitic monsters from the Graveyard and equip them to Dark Rebellion (The close up shot of Fusion Parasites attaching themselves to Dark Rebellion's chest is omitted in the English Dub), decreasing its Atk by 1600 and increasing the Queen's attack to 2700. Lulu smiles as she orders the Queen to give Dark Rebellion an the royal treatment as the monster fires corroding acid at the dragon. With the help of Dark Rebellion, Yuto quickly grabs and activates  Evasion  to prevent the attack. Dark Rebellion narrowly dodges the Queen's acid as it hits the entrance gate behind them, destroying it. Lulu congratulates Yuto but adds that she still has one more chance and activates  Parasite Maneuver , allowing Parasite Queen to attack once again. The parasitic queen lets out corroding acid from all over her body at Dark Rebellion, but Yuto manages to find  Miracle , preventing his dragon's destruction and cutting the damage in half as a barrier forms around Dark Rebellion to protect it. Nevertheless, one of the attack hits Yuto's leg and inflicts 900 damage to him (In the English Dub, Lulu also says that attack still stings). Yuto's body hits of of the tanks in the room and loses consciousness, switching control of the body back to Yuya as he falls down. 
 As Yuya becomes anxious, one of the parasite monsters from the tank falls on his shoulder and makes its way toward his ear. Lulu ends her turn with one face down cards as begins hers and draws. She begins by using Parasite Factory to bring the Queen back under her control and increase her atk to 3000. Realizing that he couldn't survive without an Action Card, Yuya quickly races for one as Celina tries to stop him. Yuya emerges victorious in this match, enraging Celina. However, Celina witnesses the parasite monster crawling into Yuya's ear and making its way to his brain. The Doktor, with Rin and Zuzu behind him, laughs with satisfaction that Yuya will now be under his control. The parasite monster reaches Yuya's brain and stabs it with its leg, causing Yuya to collapse on the floor. Celina and Lulu smirk as the former proclaims that Yuya will now join their side. However, a dark mist quickly envelopes the parasite monster and destroys it as Yuya regains consciousness and angrily replies that there is  no  reason for him to join them. Although shocked by turn of event, Celina orders Parasite Queen eliminates the rest of Yuya's LP. The monster once again fires corrosive acid at Dark Rebellion but Yuya activates his face down  The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnetring  and sends his  Miracle  that he obtained earlier to the Graveyard to negate the attack. The effect of Wrong Magnetring then Special Summons itself as a monster. Celina sets another card face down and ends her turn. (In the English Dub, Celina also proclaims that if Yuya doesn't know when to quit then she will be happy to prolong his pain and suffering.)
 Back to Sora's duel, Yuri, who is down to 1200 LP from the direct attack, draws a card and activates  Ancient Gear Inspection  to return Ancient Gear Hydra back to his hand and draws another card , forcing Sora to throw Hydra back to him (In the English Dub, Yuri also adds that he can't stand Sora's "lollipop sticky fingers" touching his card). Although this reduces Frightfur Chimera's Atk by 300, Sora claims that he still in control. Yuri laughs and replies by activating  Polymerization  to fuse " Ancient Gear Golem ", " Ancient Gear Gadget ", and " Ancient Gear Wyvern " and Fusion Summon " Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem " in attack position. With the 4400 Atk colossal under his control, Yuri orders it to destroy Sora's Chimera and eliminate the rest of his LP. Chimera is destroyed by the Ultimate Ancient Gear and Sora receives 1600 damage, knocking him body into a nearby pillar. As Yuri prepares to card Sora ("Game over" in the English Dub), Yugo and Aster arrive in time to prevent it from happening.
 
Back at the Parasite Lab, Yuya finally draws  Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon . He then activates "Wrong Magnet Ring" to equip all Fusion Parasites to it and tributes it to draw two more cards, reducing Parasite Queen's Atk to 1800 in process. The two cards he draws are  Odd-Eyes Accel  and  The Phantom Knights' Possession . Lulu becomes annoyed that Yuya managed to get rid of all the Parasites as Celina reminds her that this won't keep them down. Yuya continues by activating "Odd-Eyes Accel" to Normal Summon "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" without tribute. The Doktor compliments on Yuya's luck to get both of his two dragons on the field, but adds that they're still no match for his monsters. In response to Yuya's move, Celina activates her face-down " Parasite Spell " as she controls a Parasite monster. The card allows her to choose any Spell Card in their graveyards and activate its effect. She chooses Lulu's " Parasite Discharge " and Special Summons the third copy of Fusion Parasite from her deck. This allows Lulu to activate her set " Parasite Generator " and also Special Summons the third copy of Fusion Parasite from her deck as well. The other effects of Parasite Generator then allows both her and Celina to resurrect the other four copies in their graveyard, treating each Fusion Parasite as two, and preventing them from being destroyed by Yuya's card effect. Finally, with twelve parasites on the field, the Parasitic Queen gains 3600 Atk, rising her Atk to the grand total of 5400.
 
Yuya becomes shocked by the insane amount of Atk as Lulu muses that it's almost unfair to him. Suddenly, the display of the Doktor appears in front of Yuya.
 
 
 Featured Duels 
 Yuya Sakaki/Yuto vs. Lulu Obsidian and Celina 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 4: Yuto 
 Yuto  finds and  activates  the  Action Card , " Single Distraction ", letting him  target  and  destroy  an opponent's  monster  if that player  controls  only one monster. He targets " Parasite Queen ".  Celina  activates the  effect  of the " Fusion Parasite "  equipped  to "Queen", destroying it instead ("Queen": 2400 → 2100). " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon "  attacks  "Queen". As an opponent's monster is attacking, Celina activates the effect of "Queen", letting her equip a "Fusion Parasite" that is equipped to "Queen" to the attacking monster. The effect of "Queen" will cause any monster besides "Queen" that is equipped with "Fusion Parasite" to lose 800  ATK  ("Dark Rebellion": 2500 → 1700). Celina activates her  face-down  " Power Parasite ", letting her equip a "Fusion Parasite" from her Graveyard to a monster on the field, with an additional effect being granted to "Fusion Parasite" that will increase the ATK of the equipped monster by 300. She equips a "Fusion Parasite" to "Queen" (2100 → 2700).
 Yuto activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card , " The Phantom Knights' Round Blaze ", letting him  banish  two " The Phantom Knights " cards from his Graveyard to destroy as many monsters on the field as possible, end the  Battle Phase  and inflict 800  damage  to both players for each monster  sent  to the Graveyard this  turn . Yuto banishes two copies of the " The Phantom Knights of Lost Vambrace ", the Battle Phase ends and both Celina and Yuto activate the effects of the "Fusion Parasites" equipped to their monsters, destroying them instead. (Yuto's "Fusion Parasite" belongs to  Lulu , so it goes to her Graveyard) ("Queen": 2700 → 1800) (Celina: 2000 → 1200 LP, Lulu: 4000 → 3200 LP). Yuto  Sets  a card.
 Turn 5: Lulu 
Lulu activates the effect of Celina's " Parasite Factory ", letting her equip a "Fusion Parasite" from her  Deck  to a "Parasite Queen" on the field and take control of it ("Queen": 1800 → 2100). Lulu then activates " Parasite Reborn ", letting her target a monster on the field and equip two "Fusion Parasites" from her Graveyard to it, with the controller of the targeted monster taking control of the equipped cards. She targets "Dark Rebellion" ("Dark Rebellion": 2500 → 900, "Queen": 2100 → 2700). "Queen" attacks "Dark Rebellion", but Yuto finds and activates the Action Card, " Evasion ", negating the attack. Lulu activates the Quick-Play Spell Card, " Parasite Maneuver ", letting a " Parasite " monster attack twice this turn. "Queen" attacks "Dark Rebellion", but Yuto finds and activates the Action Card, " Miracle ", preventing his monster from being destroyed by battle and halving the  battle damage  (Yuto: 1000 → 100).
 At this point, Yuto switches back with / to  Yuya .
 Lulu Sets a card.
 Turn 6: Celina 
Celina activates the effect of "Parasite Factory", equipping a "Fusion Parasite" from her Deck to "Queen" and taking control of it ("Queen": 2700 → 3000). Yuya and Celina both move for the same Action Card, which Yuya takes. "Queen" attacks "Dark Rebellion". As an opponent's monster  declared  an attack, Yuya activates his face-down " The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnetring ", letting him  discard  a card with the same name as a card in his Graveyard to  negate  the attack, then Special Summon "Wrong Magnetring" as a monster. He discards "Miracle" and Special Summons "Wrong Magnetring" (0/???) in  Attack Position . Celina Sets a card.
 Turn 7: Yuya 
Yuya  draws  " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". Yuya activates the effect of "Wrong Magnetring", equipping all Equip Cards on the field to it. All four "Fusion Parasites" are equipped ("Dark Rebellion": 900 → 2500 ATK). Yuya then activates the effect of "Wrong Magnetring",  Tributing  it to  draw  a card for every two Equip Cards it had when it was Tributed, meaning four ("Queen": 3000 → 1800). Yuya activates " Odd-Eyes Accel ", letting him  Normal Summon  an " Odd-Eyes " monster this turn without Tributing. He Normal Summons "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon" (2500/2000). As she controls a " Parasite " monster, Celina activates her face-down " Parasite Spell ", letting her take control of and activate a  Spell Card  in her opponent's Graveyard. She chooses Lulu's " Parasite Discharge ", letting her Special Summon a "Fusion Parasite" from her hand, Deck or Graveyard. She Special Summons one (0/0) from her Deck in Attack Position.
 As a "Parasite" monster was Normal or Special Summoned this turn, Lulu activates her face-down " Parasite Generator ", preventing "Parasite" monsters from being destroyed by card effects and treating each "Fusion Parasite" on the field as two copies of itself. She activates its other effect, letting her Special Summon a "Fusion Parasite" from her Deck (0/0) in Attack Position and Special Summon as many "Fusion Parasites" from the Graveyard as possible. She Special Summons two copies from both her and Celina's Graveyards (0/0 each). Each "Fusion Parasite" is treated as two, meaning a total of twelve ("Queen": 1800 → 5400 ATK).
 Yuya activates " The Phantom Knights' Possession ", letting him treat an  Xyz Monster  he controls as having a  Level  equal to the Level of a monster on the field. He treats "Dark Rebellion" as having the same Level as "Odd-Eyes". Yuya  overlays  his two Level 7  Dragon - Type  monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. Yuya activates the effect of "Raging Dragon", which is gained by Xyz Summoning it using  Xyz Monster  as an  Xyz Material  by  detaching  all of its  Overlay Units  to negate the effects of as many  face-up  Spell/Trap Cards as possible and then destroying all other cards on the field, with "Raging Dragon" gaining 200 ATK for each destroyed card. The effects of " Parasite Generator " and "Parasite Factory" are negated, so "Parasite" monsters may be destroyed and "Queen" may be affected by monster effects. The grand total of the destroyed cards are 9 ("Raging Dragon": 3000 → 4800 ATK). "Raging Dragon" may attack twice per Battle Phase, so it attacks Celina and Lulu directly (Celina: 1200 → 0 LP, Lulu: 3200 → 0 LP).
 
 Yuri vs. Sora Perse 
 Unknown amount of time skipped.  Yuri   controls  " Ancient Gear Hydra " (2700/1700) in  Attack Position , has 4000  LP  and three cards in his  hand , while  Sora  controls no cards, has 1600 LP and two cards in his hand.
 Sora's turn 
Sora  activates  " Frightfur Fusion ", which allows him to  Fusion Summon  a " Frightfur "  Fusion Monster  from his  Extra Deck  by  banishing   monsters  on his side of the field or  Graveyard  as  Fusion Materials . He banishes " Frightfur Bear " and two copies of " Edge Imp Frightfuloid ", which is treated as a "Frightfur" monster via its own  effect , from his Graveyard to Fusion Summon " Frightfur Chimera " (2800/2000) in Attack Position. "Chimera"  attacks  and  destroys   "Hydra" (Yuri: 4000 → 3900 LP). As it destroyed an opponent's monster  by battle  and  sent  it to the Graveyard, the effect of "Chimera" lets Sora  Special Summon  the destroyed monster to his side of the field (2700/1700) in Attack Position. "Chimera" gains 300  ATK  for each monster Sora controls that was Special Summoned by this effect (2800 → 3100 ATK). "Hydra" attacks  directly  (Yuri: 3900 → 1200 LP)
 Yuri's turn 
Yuri activates " Ancient Gear Inspection ", which allows him to  return  an " Ancient Gear " monster on the field to his hand to  draw a card . Yuri returns "Hydra" ("Chimera" 3100 → 2800). Yuri activates " Polymerization ",  fusing  " Ancient Gear Golem ", " Ancient Gear Gadget ", and " Ancient Gear Wyvern " in his hand to Fusion Summon " Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem " (4400/3400) in Attack Position. "Ultimate Golem" attacks and destroys "Chimera" (Sora: 1600 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuto/Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Odd-Eyes Accel 
 The Phantom Knights' Possession 
 The Phantom Knights' Round Blaze 
 Traps 
 The Phantom Knights of Lost Vambrace  x2 
 The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnetring 
 
 Lulu Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Fusion Parasite  x3 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Parasite Discharge 
 Parasite Maneuver 
 Parasite Reborn 
 Traps 
 Parasite Generator 
 
 Celina Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Fusion Parasite  x3 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Parasite Queen Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Parasite Factory 
 Traps 
 Parasite Spell 
 Power Parasite 
 Yuri Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Ancient Gear Gadget 
 Ancient Gear Golem 
 Ancient Gear Hydra 
 Ancient Gear Wyvern Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Ancient Gear Inspection 
 Polymerization 
 
 Sora Perse Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Edge Imp Frightfuloid  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Frightfur Bear 
 Frightfur Chimera Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Frightfur Fusion 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover 
 
 Action Cards Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Evasion 
 Miracle  x2 
 Single Distraction 
 
 The Doktor Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Fusion Parasite 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Thai 
 มังกรแห่งเพลิงกาฬ
 
 Differences from the preview 
   Preview   Episode 1/2 
 In the preview, when  Yuya  commands " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon " to  attack , he has his normal color palette. In the episode, he was given a yellow tone. 
 Trivia 
 Despite Zuzu being present in the cast list, she didn't speak at all in this episode. 
 When Yuya "awakens", the dark aura around him briefly assumes the shape of  Supreme King Z-ARC , hinting to the true nature of the phenomenon. 
 Error 
 When Lulu activates  Parasite Reborn  she calls it  Parasite Discharge  instead. 
 Differences in the dub 
 The close up shot on Parasite Queen's chest when Celina activates  Power Parasite  is omitted. 
 The close up shot on Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon's chest when Fusion Parasites equipped themselves to it is omitted. 
 The close up shot when  The Doktor  strokes Zuzu's face is omitted. 
 A close up shot of Celina's face when she remarks that Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon is incapable of destroying her monster is added after the shot of Parasite Queen. 
 Although the moment when  Celina  kicks Yuya is shown, the first few frames are replaced by special effect. 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 3 episodes 
 #100 " A Warlike Welcome " #101 " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " #102 " Rush for Revenge " #103 " Rise of the Resistance " #104 " Fighting Between The Rubble " #105 " Fighting For Friendship " #106 " An Academic Test " #107 " Belles & Whistles " #108 " Twins with Tudes " #109 " Surprise Showing " #110 " Fenced In " #111 " Last Laugh " #112 " Hat-Trick " #113 " Joy of Revenge " #114 " All Duel Hands on Deck " #115 " Shiver Me Lancers " #116 " A Towering Achievement " #117 " Grip of the Parasite " #118 " Survival of the Fittest " #119 " Family Face Off " #120 " The Battle Beast " #121 " Brand of Misfortune " #122 " Show of Nature " #123 " 123 Fusion Destruction " #124 " Paraside Seeing " #125 " Rise of the Parasites " #126 " An Evil Ascends " #127 " Revival Zero " #128 " What Lurks Beneath " #129 " A Duel Within " #130 " Duel Interrupted " #131 " Sibling Standoff " #132 " Sleight of Hands " #133 " A Father's Finale " #134 " Relentless " #135 " Time to Reunite! " #136 " A Most Brutal Duel " #137 " A Dark Summoning " #138 " Master of Disaster " #139 " Clash Talk " #140 " A Ray of Hope " #141 " Swinging Back into Action " #142 " Deja Duel " #143 " Amateur Hour " #144 " Showtime Showdown " #145 " Closure by Cards " #146 " One Way Street to Defeat " #147 " One Last Duel " #148 " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/77/ArcV_125.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20161002150147', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/15/FusionParasite-JP-Anime-AV-Equip-4.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161019044928', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a9/Flag_of_Thailand.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20090428233822', None, None]
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes