Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Performapal


 
 Performapal 
 ＥＭ 「 エンタメイト 」  ( Entameito ) 
 
 
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki  with various "Performapal" monsters and " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ". 
 
 
 Translation 
 Entermate 
 
 
 Manga 
 
 English 
 Enter-Mate / Entermate 
 
 
 
 Anime 
 
 English 
 Enter-Mate / Entermate 
 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Potartiste Translation:  Matartist 
 
 
 German 
 Künstlerkumpel Translation:  Artistmate 
 
 
 Italian 
 Artistamico Translation:  Artistfriend 
 
 
 Korean 
 2= EM 「 엔터메이트 」   Enteomeiteu   (romanized) Translation:  Entermate 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Camarartista Translation:  Comradartist 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Artistamigo Translation:  Artistfriend 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Duelist Alliance The New Challengers Secrets of Eternity Crossed Souls Clash of Rebellions Dimension of Chaos Breakers of Shadow Shining Victories The Dark Illusion Invasion: Vengeance Raging Tempest Maximum Crisis Dimension Force 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duelist Alliance: Deluxe Edition Star Pack ARC-V 2015 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Master of Pendulum Structure Deck OTS Tournament Pack 1 Starter Deck: Yuya Dragons of Legend: Unleashed 2016 Mega-Tin Mega Pack 2016 Mega-Tins OTS Tournament Pack 3 Fusion Enforcers Star Pack Battle Royal Duelist Pack: Dimensional Guardians Pendulum Evolution Battles of Legend: Light's Revenge Code of the Duelist 2017 Mega-Tin Mega Pack Legendary Dragon Decks Cybernetic Horizon Savage Strike The Infinity Chasers Yu-Gi-Oh! Advent Calendar (2019) Legendary Duelists: Magical Hero Rise of the Duelist 2021 Tin of Ancient Battles Brothers of Legend Ghosts From the Past: The 2nd Haunting OTS Tournament Pack 19 Legendary Duelists: Season 3 Battles of Legend: Crystal Revenge 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 V Jump June 2014 promotional card V Jump Edition Pendulum Victory Pack Special Summon Evolution Entry Pack Structure Deck: Master of Pendulum Jump Victory Carnival 2015 promotional card Duelist Festival 2016 - Promotion Pack Gold Pack 2016 Starter Deck 2016 Collectors Pack: Duelist of Flash Version Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! Volume 1 promotional card Jump Victory Carnival 2016 promotional card Saikyō Jump September 2016 promotional card V Jump Fall 2016 subscription bonus Premium Pack 19 V Jump Spring 2017 subscription bonus Collectors Pack 2017 Promotion Pack 2017 V Jump Spring 2018 subscription bonus 20th Anniversary Duelist Box Premium Pack 2019 V Jump Spring 2019 subscription bonus Deck Build Pack: Infinity Chasers Duelist Pack: Legend Duelist 6 Premium Pack 2022 History Archive Collection Animation Chronicle 2022 
 
 
 
 
 Korea-Only Sets 
 
 
 Premium Pack Vol.10 Structure Deck: Master of Pendulum Special Set Advanced Event Pack 2016 Vol.1 Advanced Event Pack 2017 Vol.1 Premium Pack Vol.12 Premium Pack Vol.13 Premium Pack Vol.14 1st Wave Premium Pack Vol.15 Premium Pack Vol.17 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V The Strongest Duelist Yuya!! 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Performapal ", known as " Entermate " ( ＥＭ   Entameito ) in the  OCG  and the English  One-Shot Chapter  and as " Enter-Mate " in the English  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  manga , is an  archetype  used by  Yuya  and  Yusho Sakaki  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime and  manga .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Etymology 
 
 
 2   Members 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Weaknesses 
 5   Recommended cards 
 6   Official Decks 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
 The archetype is primarily designed around circus animals, donning apparel such as top hats and polka dot bow ties. Yuya uses the archetype's diversity in appearance to traverse around the Duel Fields, using " Whip Snake " to scale high buildings and " Skeeter Skimmer " to travel across water. Many of the members of this archetype have a colored star on their bodies, as well as some of them having nearly the same background with stars and circles but different colors.
 
 Etymology 
 Both the English and Japanese names are simple portmanteaus: "Performapal" is a portmanteau of "performance" and "pal", while "Entermate" is a portmanteau of "entertainment" and "mate".
 The "Performapal" archetype members tend to have their names formed of portmanteaus, usually of a description of what purpose they serve or what they are based off of, plus what animal/circus entertainer they are. For example, the Japanese name for "Performapal Hip Hippo" is "Discover Hippo", which reflects how it is Yuya's main mode of transportation during Action Duels to find Action Cards. Another example is "Sword Fish", which is based off a sword-shaped fish.
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Performapal
 
 Portmanteau
 
 Reference
 
 
 English
 
 Japanese
 
 
 Ballad 
 Ballad 
 Rose  +  Ballad 
 A portmanteau of the Japanese word for "rose" (薔薇 Bara) and "ballad".
 
 
 Barokuriboh 
 Baroque Kuriboh 
 Baroque  +  Kuriboh 
 TBA
 
 
 Barracuda 
 Barracuda 
 Rose  +  Barracuda 
 A portmanteau of the Japanese word for "rose" (薔薇 Bara) and "barracuda".
 
 
 Bit Bite Turtle 
 Big Bite Turtle 
 Bit / Big  +  Bite  +  Turtle 
 Has a  Pendulum Effect  that "bites" off one bit of a monster's  Level .
 
 
 Bot-Eyes Lizard 
 Bot-Eyes Lizard 
 Bots  +  Eyes  +  Lizard 
 Has eyes made of mechanic parts, possibly a pun on " Odd-Eyes " - what this card can transform into.
 
 
 Bowhopper 
 Gunhopper 
 Crossbow  +  Grasshopper 
 Has a crossbow-shaped body propelling a  cricket .
 
 
 Bubblebowwow 
 Bubbulldog 
 Bubble  +  Bow Wow / Bulldog 
 Releases bubbles upon using its effect.
 
 
 Camelump 
 Cameldown 
 Camel  +  Lump / Down 
 Lowers the  DEF  of an opponent's monster.
 
 
 Card Canard 
 Card Bird 
 Card  +  Canary / Bird 
 Its feathers are shaped like cards.
 
 
 Card Gardna 
 Card Gardna 
 Card  +  Guard 
 Its effects raise DEF.
 
 
 Celestial Magician 
 Heavenly Magician 
 Heaven  +  Magician 
 Is a reference to the  Four Dimension Dragons  and  Supreme King Z-ARC .
 
 
 Changeraffe 
 Chain Giraffe 
 Chain  +  Giraffe 
 Has an effect to "chain" an opponent's monster down, preventing it from attacking.
 
 
 Cheermole 
 Cheermole 
 Cheerleading  +  Mole 
 Is dressed up as a cheerleader where she boosts the difference between original and current  ATK .
 
 
 ClassiKuriboh 
 Classical Kuriboh 
 Classicism  +  Kuriboh 
 TBA
 
 
 Clay Breaker 
 Clay Breaker 
 Clay  +  Break 
 TBA
 
 
 Coin Dragon 
 Drago Remora 
 Drago  +  Remora / Coin  +  Dragon 
 English name refers to the koban coin on its forehead.
 
 
 Corn 
 Corn 
 Corn 
 Combos with " Performapal Uni ", with which it forms the word "Unicorn".
 
 
 Dag Daggerman 
 Dag Daggerman 
 Dag  +  Dagger  +  Man 
 Resembles  Yusho Sakaki .
 
 
 Dropgallop 
 Drop Gallop 
 Drop  +  Gallop 
 Can lower its  Level  below 5.
 
 
 Drummerilla 
 Drumming Kong 
 Drum  +  Gorilla 
 Has a pair of drums for pecs.
 
 
 Duck Dealer 
 Duck Dealer 
 Duck  +  Dealer 
 Has an effect that deals you one card.
 
 
 Elephammer 
 Hammer Mammo 
 Elephant / Mammoth  +  Hammer 
 Has a hammer on the end of its trunk.
 
 
 Extra Slinger 
 Extra Shooter 
 Extra  +  Sling / Shooter 
 Uses bows and arrows for its  Pendulum Effect , based on the number of face-up Pendulum Monsters in the  Extra Deck .
 
 
 Fire Mufferlion 
 Fire Mufflio 
 Fire  +  Muffler  +  Lion 
 Has a muffler made of fire.
 
 
 Fireflux 
 Fireflux 
 Firefly  +  Lux 
 Has a light bulb for a thorax.
 
 
 Five-Rainbow Magician 
 Five-Rainbow Magician 
 Five  +  Rainbow  +  Magician 
 Its artwork depicts rainbows being emitted in five different directions.
 
 
 Flatrat 
 Flat Rat 
 Flat  +  Rat 
 Is standing on a rolling pin, which either flattens out the  Levels  of all monsters to this card's Level or can flatten a monster's changed  ATK  to its original ATK.
 
 
 Flip Hippo 
 Allcover Hippo 
 Flip / All  +  Discovery  +  Hippopotamus 
 Has an effect that flips monsters to  Defense Position .
 
 
 Friendonkey 
 Friendonkey 
 Friend  +  Donkey 
 Possesses the ability to  Special Summon  other "Performapals" with the pack on its side.
 
 
 Gatlinghoul 
 Gatling Ghoul 
 Gatling gun  +  Ghoul 
 Wields a gatling gun.
 
 
 Gentrude 
 Gentrude 
 Gentleman  +  Trude 
 TBA
 
 
 Gold Fang 
 Gold Fang 
 Gold  +  Fang 
 Has a set of fangs made of gold.
 
 
 Gongato 
 Gongcat 
 Gong  +  Gato 
 Has a gong-shaped body.
 
 
 Guitartle 
 Guiturtle 
 Guitar  +  Turtle 
 Has a guitar-shaped body.
 
 
 Gumgumouton 
 Rubber Mutton 
 Gum / Rubber  +  Mutton 
 Has a body made entirely of rubber.
 
 
 Handsamuraiger 
 Handsome Liger 
 Handsome  +  Liger 
 A portmanteau of "handsome" (ハンサム Hansamu) and "liger" (ライガー Raigā), which also forms the word "Samurai" (サムライ Samurai).
 
 
 Handstandaccoon 
 Return Tantan 
 Handstand / Return  +  Raccoon 
 Is standing on its hand with an effect that returns a card to the hand.
 
 
 Helpprincess 
 Helpprincess 
 Help  +  Princess 
 Is holding a telephone in her right hand to provide long-distance assistance.
 
 
 Hid Hippo 
 Undercover Hippo 
 Undercover / Hide  +  Hippopotamus 
 TBA
 
 
 Hip Hippo 
 Discover Hippo 
 Hip / Discovery  +  Hippopotamus 
 English: Is hip to the whereabouts of  Action Cards .
 Japanese: Can discover hidden Action Cards.
 
 
 
 Ignition Eagle 
 Ignition Eagle 
 Ignition  +  Eagle 
 This card's effect is visualized by fireworks, as seen in the anime and this card's artwork.
 
 
 Inflater Tapir 
 Barrier Balloon Baku 
 Inflatable  +  Tapir 
 "Inflates" itself to protect its user from Battle Damage.
 
 
 Kaleidoscorp 
 Kaleido Scorpion 
 Kaleidoscope  +  Scorpion 
 Has an effect that is visualized as a light show.
 
 
 King Bear 
 King Bear 
 Monarch  (synonym of King) +  Bear 
 Wears a crown, which is a symbol of a king.
 
 
 Kuribohble 
 Kuriborder 
 Kuriboh  +  Border 
 Special Summons itself when your opponent declares an attack, then changes the attack target to itself, acting as a 'border' between the attacking monster and the original target.
 
 
 Ladyange 
 Ladyange 
 Lady  +  Angel 
 TBA
 
 
 Laugh Maker 
 Laughmaker 
 Laughter  +  Maker 
 Resembles  Yusho Sakaki .
 
 
 Lebellman 
 Le-Bellman 
 Level  +  Bellman 
 Has a bell cap on its head.
 
 
 Life Swordsman 
 Life Swordsman 
 Life  +  Swordsman 
 Has an effect related to  LP .
 
 
 Lizardraw 
 Lizardraw 
 Lizard  +  Draw 
 Possesses the ability to draw cards.
 
 
 Longphone Bull 
 Longphone Bull 
 Longhorn  +  Phone  +  Bull 
 Has a phone on top of his head, which he can use to call his friends for help. The term "long" could be considered him calling his friends who are far away. In this case, the deck.
 
 
 Mer☆Maid 
 Mer☆Maid 
 Mermaid 
 Wears both a  maid costume  and a mermaid tail.
 
 
 Miracle Mirrorabbit 
 Miracle Mirrorabbit 
 Miracle  +  Mirror  +  Rabbit 
 Has an effect to "reflect" the targeting effect to this card.
 
 
 Miss Director 
 Miss Director 
 Mistress  +  Director 
 Holds a  clapperboard  and microphone.
 
 
 Momoncarpet 
 Momoncarpet 
 Momonga  +  Carpet 
 Has a carpet-shaped body.
 
 
 Monkeyboard 
 Monkeyboard 
 Monkey  +  Keyboard 
 Has teeth that resemble a keyboard.
 
 
 Nightmare Knight 
 Nightmare Knight 
 Nightmare  +  Knight 
 Yuto 's " The Phantom Knights " archetype; was overlaid to summon " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " during an advanced stage of  awakening .
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Butler 
 Odd-Eyes Butler 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Butler 
 Holds a tea tray.
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Dissolver 
 Odd-Eyes Dissolver 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Dissolution 
 Has  heterochromia iridium , similar to the "Odd-Eyes" monsters.
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix 
 Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Light  +  Phoenix 
 Has  heterochromia iridium , similar to the "Odd-Eyes" monsters.
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Metal Claw 
 Odd-Eyes Metal Claw 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Metal  +  Claw 
 A fusion of " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " and " Performapal Silver Claw ".
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Minitaurus 
 Odd-Eyes Minotaur 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Minotaur 
 Has  heterochromia iridium , similar to the "Odd-Eyes" monsters.
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Seer 
 Odd-Eyes Priest 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Priest / Seer 
 Has  heterochromia iridium , similar to the "Odd-Eyes" monsters.
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Synchron 
 Odd-Eyes Synchron 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Synchron 
 Has  heterochromia iridium , similar to the "Odd-Eyes" monsters.
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Unicorn 
 Odd-Eyes Unicorn 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Unicorn 
 Has  heterochromia iridium , similar to the "Odd-Eyes" monsters.
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Valet 
 Odd-Eyes Valet 
 Odd-Eyes  +  Valet 
 TBA
 
 
 Pararhino 
 Pararhino 
 Parallel Circuit  +  Rhinoceros 
 Its tail and staff are shaped like thunderbolts.
 
 
 Parrotrio 
 Parakhorus 
 Parrot / Parakeet  +  Trio / Chorus 
 A trio of singing parrots.
 
 
 Partnaga 
 Partnaga 
 Partner  +  Nāga 
 Possesses the ability to power up/protect other monsters.
 
 
 Pendulum Conductor 
 Pendulum Conductor 
 Pendulum  +  Conductor 
 TBA
 
 
 Pendulum Sorcerer 
 Pendulum Magician 
 Pendulum  +  Sorcerer / Magician 
 Is holding an item resembling  Yuya's pendant .
 
 
 Pyrobster 
 Pyro Lobster 
 Pyro  +  Lobster 
 Equipped with jet boosters.
 
 
 Radish Horse 
 Radish Horse 
 Radish  +  Horse 
 Has a body and horn that both resemble a radish.
 
 
 Rain Goat 
 Raingoat 
 Raincoat  +  Goat 
 Possesses the ability to either reduce  Effect damage  or protect "Performapal" and " Odd-Eyes " cards, which is visualized as putting on a raincoat.
 
 
 Revue Dancer 
 Revue Dancer 
 Revue  +  Dance 
 Revue  is a form of theatrical entertainment that was most popular in the early 20th century.
 
 
 Rolling Sambaa 
 Rolling Samber 
 Roll  +  Samba 
 Holds a pair of  maraca s.
 
 
 Salutiger 
 Warrior Tiger 
 Salute / Warrior  +  Tiger 
 Wears a military-like uniform while saluting.
 
 
 Seal Eel 
 Seal Eel 
 Seal  +  Eel 
 Has effects that can "seal" the activation of an opponent's card.
 
 
 Secondonkey 
 Secondonkey 
 Second  +  Donkey 
 Is the second donkey "Performapal". Possesses the ability to be Special Summoned after another "Performapal".
 
 
 Sellshell Crab 
 Hermit Crab Landlord 
 Sell  +  Shell  +  Hermit Crab 
 Its English name refers to the popular tongue twister "She sells sea shells".
 
 
 Shieldrummer 
 Shieldrummer 
 Shield  +  Drum 
 Has a drum-shaped lower torso.
 
 
 Silver Claw 
 Silver Claw 
 Silver  +  Claw 
 Has a pair of huge metallic claws on its front paws.
 
 
 Skeeter Skimmer 
 Amenboat 
 Slang for  Mosquito  +  Skimboarding 
 Has a body mainly comprised of a boat, which is useful for aquatic transportation in an  Action Duel .
 
 
 Skullcrobat Joker 
 Skullcrobat Joker 
 Skull  +  Acrobat  +  Jester  (synonym of Joker) 
 TBA
 
 
 Sky Magician 
 Sky Magician 
 Sky  +  Magician 
 Holds  Chinese linking rings , a prop used to demonstrate illusion magic.
 
 
 Sky Pupil 
 Sky Pupil 
 Sky  +  Pupil 
 Holds  Chinese linking rings , a prop used to demonstrate illusion magic.
 
 
 Sleight Hand Magician 
 Sleight Hand Magician 
 Sleight of hand  +  Magician 
 Is a reference to " Stargazer Magician ", " Timegazer Magician " and  Yuya's pendant .
 
 
 Smile Sorcerer 
 Smile Magician 
 Smile  +  Sorcerer / Magician 
 Is wearing  Yuya Sakaki 's cape.
 
 
 Spikeagle 
 Spike Eagle 
 Spike  +  Eagle 
 Possesses the ability to give monsters  Piercing   Battle damage .
 
 
 Splashmammoth 
 Mammoth Splash 
 Splash  +  Mammoth 
 Forms bubbles upon using its effect.
 
 
 Springoose 
 Springoose 
 Spring  +  Goose 
 Has a spring-shaped lower torso.
 
 
 Stamp Turtle 
 Plusturtle 
 Stamp / Plus  +  Turtle 
 Is holding a stamp in its hand.
 
 
 Swincobra 
 Swing Cobra 
 Swing  +  Cobra 
 Is attached to a swing by its midsection.
 
 
 Sword Fish 
 Sword Fish 
 Sword  +  Fish 
 Has a sword-shaped body.
 
 
 Teeter Totter Hopper 
 Seesawhopper 
 Seesaw  (synonym of Teeter Totter) +  Grasshopper 
 Has a seesaw-shaped body. Possesses the ability to bring back cards and itself, hence the notion of going up ( Field / Hand ) and down ( Graveyard ).
 
 
 Thunderhino 
 Thunderhino 
 Thunder  +  Rhinoceros 
 Has a motif based on lightning.
 
 
 Trampolynx 
 Trampolynx 
 Trampoline  +  Lynx 
 Has a trampoline-shaped torso and possesses the ability to " bounce " monsters to the hand.
 
 
 Trap Mimic 
 Trap Mimic 
 Trap  +  Mimicry 
 TBA
 
 
 Trumpanda 
 La Panda 
 Trumpet / La musical note  +  Panda 
 Refers to its musical design.
 
 
 Trump Girl 
 Trump Girl 
 Trump  +  Girl 
 Possibly a younger version of "Performapal Trump Witch" due to their similar effects.
 
 
 Trump Witch 
 Trump Witch 
 Trump  +  Witch 
 Reference to it giving Yuya the ability to  Fusion Summon . "Trump" could also be translated as "tramp", referring to its patched clothing. Releases card suits when using its  Pendulum Effect .
 
 
 Turn Toad 
 Turn Toad 
 Turn  +  Toad 
 Possesses the ability to swap a monster's  ATK  and  DEF . Has body markings that resemble a face which can be seen on its bottom.
 
 
 Turn Trooper 
 Turntrooper 
 Turn  +  Trooper 
 Patterns on its clothing and shoulder armor resemble timers.
 
 
 U Go Golem 
 Fugolem 
 Fusion  +  Golem 
 Has a "U"-shaped body, along with the card's English name as a pun to the Japanese word meaning "fusion".
 
 
 Uni 
 Uni 
 Uni 
 Combos with " Performapal Corn ", with which it forms the word "Unicorn".
 
 
 Whim Witch 
 Whim Witch 
 Whim  +  Witch 
 TBA
 
 
 Whip Snake 
 Whip Viper 
 Whip  +  Snake 
 Has an effect that is visualized by hypnotizing the enemy. Can be used as a whip in an  Action Duel .
 
 Playing style 
 "Performapal" monsters possess varied effects giving the archetype a lot of versatility. Many of the weaker monsters possess strong effects that work well when used together. Monsters like " Cheermole " and " Sword Fish " can manipulate  ATK  and  DEF  permanently in large increments and continue to do so if they can remain on the field while others like " Fire Mufflerlion " and " Spikeagle " grant bonuses for attacking by providing a second attack for one of your monsters and  piercing  damage respectively.
 As the first  Pendulum Monster  archetype, "Performapal" features a large number of Pendulum Monsters designed to make the most out of the Pendulum Zones. " Silver Claw " is a powerful beater in the Monster Card Zone that boosts all "Performapal" monsters' ATK when in the  Pendulum Zone . " Pendulum Sorcerer " boosts all "Performapal" monster's ATK by 1000 during a turn when the player  Pendulum Summons . " Skullcrobat Joker " and " Odd-Eyes Unicorn " offers the highest  Pendulum Scale  of the archetype (8), with the effect of "Skullcrobat Joker" allowing to add a "Performapal" monster, a " Magician " Pendulum Monster, or an " Odd-Eyes " monster from the Deck to the hand with its effect, while "Odd-Eyes Unicorn" gives a boost in ATK to a selected target with its Pendulum Effect and helps recover  LP  with its normal effect.
 "Performapals" can lack pushing power on their own, especially when used as a Rank 4 Monster engine, and can used alongside the " Dracoslayer ", " Magician ", and other Pendulum archetypes to even out Special Summoning, with " Lizardraw " and " Guitartle " as the draw combo " Monkeyboard " and " Skullcrobat Joker " can search for " Partnaga " for ATK and " Turn Toad " can weaken opposing monsters. " Wavering Eyes " or " Pendulum Sorcerer " can clear the Pendulum Scales for the next round of effects the following turn.
 The archetype is also highly capable at searching and drawing its members out of the Deck through multiple cards. Of these, "Pendulum Sorcerer" is the most potent as it can search for two "Performapal" monsters every turn, and due to its ability to target itself with its destruction effect, can send itself to the Extra Deck to be Pendulum Summoned later. Combining it with effects like " Supply Squad " and " Lizardraw " allow you to gain card advantage quickly, and using " Friendonkey " is an easy way to initially Special Summon it from the hand. " Secondonkey " provides the archetype with another avenue to search out its cards, sending a "Performapal" monster from your Deck to your Graveyard for later revival via "Friendonkey", or if both your Pendulum Zones are occupied, letting you add the searched "Performapal" monster to your hand instead.
 On its own, the archetype is capable of quickly swarming the field and gain large ATK boosts through their Pendulum Monsters' effects. "Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer" and " Partnaga " can greatly boost the ATK of one or all "Performapal" monsters until the end of the turn. As such, it's relatively easy to come into the Battle Phase with at least 1 monster with over 2500 ATK. 
 The strongest monster in the "Performapal" archetype is " Elephammer " at 2600 ATK, which can be Normal Summoned without tribute if the player controls two or more other "Performapals", and  bounces  all of the opponent's Spell and Trap Cards when it attacks. Together with the  swarm  capabilities afforded by Pendulum Summons, "Elephammer" can make a good finisher for the archetype.
 With the release of  Structure Deck: Master of Pendulum  and  Shining Victories , the "Performapal" archetype has become more intimately entwined with the " Odd-Eyes " and " Magician " archetypes through cards like " Performapal Skullcrobat Joker ", " Sky Iris ", and " Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn ", which gives the Deck more efficient use of outside cards that were previously just splashable–especially " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ".
 
 Weaknesses 
 Though many of the Level 2 and 3 "Performapals" possess strong effects, the only "Performapal" monsters with a Scale of 1 are " Performapal Monkeyboard " (which is Forbidden in the  TCG  and  OCG ) and " Performapal Gumgumouton ", making it very difficult to retrieve those Level 2 Pendulum Monsters from the Extra Deck without relying on Pendulum Monsters from outside the archetype. 
 While "Performapals" are outstanding in manipulating ATK and granting special combat tricks to Pendulum Monsters during the Battle Phase, they suffer a debilitating lack of power under most circumstances. Outside of your own Battle Phase, "Performapals" lose most of the ATK bonuses they gain and are left stranded with their very low original ATK (with the exception of the outstanding 2600 ATK of " Performapal Elephammer ", most barely scrape over 1800 for ATK or DEF). Combined with the issue of getting support monsters out consistently, dedicated "Performapal" Decks will often be left with a field with a few low ATK monsters if you don't have protection such as " Last Minute Cancel " on hand. On top of all of this, "Performapal" cards in general (Monster, Spell, and Trap) have a near-random assortment of effects which make building a Deck around them convoluted or predictable.
 As "Performapal" Decks greatly rely on their capacity to Pendulum Summon and their Spell and Trap Cards to maintain advantage, " Anti-Spell Fragrance " is especially debilitating to the Deck, preventing any Pendulum Scales from being placed and forcing at least one turn of waiting before any Spell Cards can be activated. " Magic Deflector " and " Spell Canceller " negate most Spell Effects all together.
 " Blue-Eyes Spirit Dragon " also hinders this deck greatly when it comes to Pendulum Summoning, as it prevents each player from Summoning more than once monster at the same time. With its 3000 DEF, a "Performapal" will likely not win a battle against it. "Spirit Dragon" can also negate the activation of Graveyard effects "Performapal" monsters may have. Paired with its ability to dodge being targeted or destroyed by opposing effects by replacing itself with " Azure-Eyes Silver Dragon ", "Spirit Dragon" is probably one of the most troublesome cards for "Performapal", and Pendulum Decks as a whole, to deal with.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Elephammer 
 Performapal Friendonkey 
 Performapal Helpprincess 
 Performapal Longphone Bull 
 Performapal Rain Goat 
 Performapal Salutiger 
 Performapal Secondonkey 
 Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper 
 Performapal Thunderhino 
 Tuner monsters 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Synchron 
 Tuning Magician 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Performapal Bit Bite Turtle 
 Performapal Camelump 
 Performapal Celestial Magician 
 Performapal Dag Daggerman 
 Performapal Drummerilla 
 Performapal Gentrude 
 Performapal Guitartle 
 Performapal Ladyange 
 Performapal Lizardraw 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn 
 Performapal Partnaga 
 Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer 
 Performapal Silver Claw 
 Performapal Skullcrobat Joker 
 Performapal Splashmammoth 
 Performapal Trump Witch 
 Performapal Trump Girl 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Wisdom-Eye Magician 
 Xiangke Magician 
 Xiangsheng Magician Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Performapal Gatlinghoul 
 Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Brave-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Odd-Eyes Vortex Dragon 
 Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Supreme King Z-ARC 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Clear Wing Synchro Dragon 
 Enlightenment Paladin 
 Nirvana High Paladin 
 Odd-Eyes Meteorburst Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon 
 Number 103: Ragnazero 
 Odd-Eyes Absolute Dragon 
 Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Performapal Dramatic Theater 
 Performapal Popperup 
 Performapal Recasting 
 Bubble Barrier 
 Illusion Balloons 
 Performance Hurricane 
 Sky Iris 
 Draw Muscle 
 Pendulum Call 
 Pendulum Shift 
 Pendulum Impenetrable 
 Pendulum Storm 
 Pot of Riches 
 Supply Squad 
 Wavering Eyes 
 Traps 
 Command Performance 
 Last Minute Cancel 
 Performapal Call 
 Performapal Pinch Helper 
 Performapal Revival 
 Performapal Show Down 
 Echo Oscillation 
 Pendulum Back 
 Pendulum Reborn 
 Official Decks 
 The following Decklists may contain copies of cards that exceed the maximum amount allowed by the current Forbidden & Limited List. These should not be changed, as these Decklists are copied verbatim at the time they were published.
 
 
 Shueisha's VE11 Deck: Entertainment Carnival! [1] Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Performapal Hip Hippo  x2 
 Performapal Salutiger  x3 
 Performapal Thunderhino  x1 
 Performapal Whip Snake  x3 
 Kuraz the Light Monarch  x2 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Performapal Turn Toad  x3 
 Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon  x3 
 Stargazer Magician  x2 
 Timegazer Magician  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fire Formation - Tenki  x2 
 Heavy Storm  x1 
 Hippo Carnival  x2 
 Mystical Space Typhoon  x3 
 Monster Reborn  x1 
 Mage Power  x3 
 The Monarchs Stormforth  x2 
 Traps 
 Command Performance  x2 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device  x3 
 Trivia 
 This archetype has the second-highest  Type  diversity, with members belonging to 14 of the 25 Types:  Aqua ,  Beast ,  Beast-Warrior ,  Dragon ,  Fairy ,  Fiend ,  Fish ,  Insect ,  Plant ,  Reptile ,  Rock ,  Spellcaster ,  Warrior , and  Winged Beast . It is beat out only by the " Number " archetype at 19. 
 References 
 
 ↑   YGOrganization  Shueisha's VE11 Decks 
 
 
   
" Performapal " 「 ＥＭ 」 Members 
 Performapal Ballad Performapal Barokuriboh Performapal Barracuda Performapal Bit Bite Turtle Performapal Bot-Eyes Lizard Performapal Bowhopper Performapal Bubblebowwow Performapal Camelump Performapal Card Gardna Performapal Celestial Magician Performapal Changeraffe Performapal Cheermole Performapal ClassiKuriboh Performapal Clay Breaker Performapal Coin Dragon Performapal Corn Performapal Dag Daggerman Performapal Drummerilla Performapal Elephammer Performapal Extra Slinger Performapal Fire Mufflerlion Performapal Fireflux Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician Performapal Flip Hippo Performapal Friendonkey Performapal Gatlinghoul Performapal Gentrude Performapal Gold Fang Performapal Gongato Performapal Greatest Duelist Performapal Guitartle Performapal Gumgumouton Performapal Handsamuraiger Performapal Handstandaccoon Performapal Helpprincess Performapal Hip Hippo Performapal Inflater Tapir Performapal Kaleidoscorp Performapal King Bear Performapal Kuribohble Performapal Ladyange Performapal Laugh Maker Performapal Lebellman Performapal Life Swordsman Performapal Lizardraw Performapal Longphone Bull Performapal Miss Director Performapal Momoncarpet Performapal Monkeyboard Performapal Odd-Eyes Butler Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver Performapal Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix Performapal Odd-Eyes Metal Claw Performapal Odd-Eyes Minitaurus Performapal Odd-Eyes Seer Performapal Odd-Eyes Synchron Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn Performapal Odd-Eyes Valet Performapal Parrotrio Performapal Partnaga Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer Performapal Radish Horse Performapal Rain Goat Performapal Revue Dancer Performapal Salutiger Performapal Seal Eel Performapal Secondonkey Performapal Sellshell Crab Performapal Silver Claw Performapal Skeeter Skimmer Performapal Skullcrobat Joker Performapal Sky Magician Performapal Sky Pupil Performapal Sleight Hand Magician Performapal Smile Sorcerer Performapal Spikeagle Performapal Splashmammoth Performapal Springoose Performapal Stamp Turtle Performapal Swincobra Performapal Sword Fish Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper Performapal Thunderhino Performapal Trampolynx Performapal Trump Girl Performapal Trump Witch Performapal Trumpanda Performapal Turn Toad Performapal Turn Trooper Performapal U Go Golem Performapal Uni Performapal Whim Witch Performapal Whip Snake 
 Performapal Call Performapal Dramatic Theater Performapal Pinch Helper Performapal Popperup Performapal Recasting Performapal Revival Performapal Show Down 
 Support 
 Performapal Ballad Performapal Barracuda Performapal Bit Bite Turtle Performapal Bowhopper Performapal Card Gardna Performapal Corn Performapal Dag Daggerman Performapal Elephammer Performapal Fireflux Performapal Flip Hippo Performapal Friendonkey Performapal Gatlinghoul Performapal Gentrude Performapal Gold Fang Performapal Guitartle Performapal Handstandaccoon Performapal Helpprincess Performapal Inflater Tapir Performapal King Bear Performapal Ladyange Performapal Lebellman Performapal Lizardraw Performapal Longphone Bull Performapal Monkeyboard Performapal Odd-Eyes Butler Performapal Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix Performapal Odd-Eyes Metal Claw Performapal Odd-Eyes Minitaurus Performapal Odd-Eyes Seer Performapal Odd-Eyes Synchron Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn Performapal Odd-Eyes Valet Performapal Parrotrio Performapal Partnaga Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer Performapal Radish Horse Performapal Rain Goat Performapal Revue Dancer Performapal Salutiger Performapal Secondonkey Performapal Sellshell Crab Performapal Silver Claw Performapal Skullcrobat Joker Performapal Sky Pupil Performapal Sleight Hand Magician Performapal Smile Sorcerer Performapal Springoose Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper Performapal Thunderhino Performapal U Go Golem ... further results 
 Bubble Barrier Command Performance Illusion Balloons Last Minute Cancel Performance Hurricane Performapal Call Performapal Dramatic Theater Performapal Pinch Helper Performapal Popperup Performapal Recasting Performapal Revival Sky Iris 
 Related 
 Smoke Mosquito 
 Polymerization Super Hippo Carnival 
 
 v e 
" Performapal " 「 ＥＭ 」 a   Members 
 Performapal Bit Bite Turtle Performapal Bot-Eyes Lizard Performapal Bowhopper Performapal Bubblebowwow Performapal Call Performapal Camelump Performapal Card Canard Performapal Changeraffe Performapal Cheermole Performapal Coin Dragon Performapal Curtain Call Performapal Dag Daggerman Performapal Drop Gallop Performapal Drummerilla Performapal Duck Dealer Performapal Elephammer Performapal Extra Slinger Performapal Fire Mufflerlion Performapal Fireflux Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician Performapal Flatrat Performapal Flip Hippo Performapal Friendonkey Performapal Gatlinghoul Performapal Gongato Performapal Guard Dance Performapal Guitartle Performapal Gumgumouton Performapal Handstandaccoon Performapal Helpprincess Performapal Hid Hippo Performapal Hip Hippo Performapal Ignition Eagle Performapal Inflater Tapir Performapal Kaleidoscorp Performapal Laugh Maker Performapal Lebellman Performapal Life Swordsman Performapal Lizardraw Performapal Longphone Bull Performapal Miracle Mirrorabbit Performapal Monkeyboard Performapal Nightmare Knight Performapal Odd-Eyes Dissolver Performapal Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix Performapal Odd-Eyes Minitaurus Performapal Odd-Eyes Seer Performapal Odd-Eyes Synchron Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn Performapal Pararhino Performapal Parrotrio Performapal Partnaga Performapal Pendulum Art & Clean Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer Performapal Pinch Helper Performapal Pyrobster Performapal Radish Horse Performapal Rain Goat Performapal Recasting Performapal Revival ... further results 
 Support 
 Acrobatic Tower Bubble Barrier Command Performance Dragon's Shadow Performance Illusion Balloons Last Minute Cancel Performage Bonus Dealer Performance Exchange Performance Hurricane Performance Pirouette Performapal Bowhopper Performapal Call Performapal Card Canard Performapal Curtain Call Performapal Dag Daggerman Performapal Drop Gallop Performapal Duck Dealer Performapal Flip Hippo Performapal Friendonkey Performapal Gatlinghoul Performapal Guard Dance Performapal Helpprincess Performapal Ignition Eagle Performapal Lizardraw Performapal Longphone Bull Performapal Monkeyboard Performapal Odd-Eyes Minitaurus Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn Performapal Pararhino Performapal Partnaga Performapal Pendulum Art & Clean Performapal Pinch Helper Performapal Pyrobster Performapal Reborn Force Performapal Recasting Performapal Revival Performapal Revue Dancer Performapal Salutiger Performapal Secondonkey Performapal Silver Claw Performapal Sky Ring Performapal Teamwork Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper Performapal Thunderhino Performing Pal's Counterstrike 
 Related 
 Sky Illusion Super Hippo Carnival 
 
 v e 
" Performapal " 「 ＥＭ 」 m   Members 
 Enter-Mate Ballad Enter-Mate Barracuda Enter-Mate Clay Breaker Enter-Mate Corn Enter-Mate Handsome Liger Enter-Mate Mer☆Maid Enter-Mate Miss Director Enter-Mate Odd-Eyes Butler Enter-Mate Odd-Eyes Valet Enter-Mate Rolling Sambaa Enter-Mate Show Up Enter-Mate Uni EnterMate BaroKuriboh EnterMate ClassiKuriboh EnterMate Turntrooper Entermate Silver Claw Entermate Thunderhino Entermate Warrior Tiger Performapal Bowhopper Performapal Bubblebowwow Performapal Card Gardna Performapal Drummerilla Performapal Elephammer Performapal Fire Mufflerlion Performapal Friendonkey Performapal Gold Fang Performapal Gumgumouton Performapal Helpprincess Performapal Hip Hippo Performapal Kaleidoscorp Performapal Kuriborder Performapal Lizardraw Performapal Longphone Bull Performapal Monkeyboard Performapal Odd-Eyes Light Phoenix Performapal Odd-Eyes Metal Claw Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn Performapal Pendulum Conductor Performapal Pendulum Sorcerer Performapal Pinch Helper Performapal Revival Performapal Show Down Performapal Silver Claw Performapal Skullcrobat Joker Performapal Sky Magician Performapal Spikeagle Performapal Splashmammoth Performapal Springoose Performapal Stamp Turtle Performapal Sword Fish Performapal Teeter Totter Hopper Performapal U Go Golem Performapal Whip Snake Team Performapal's Bonds 
 Support 
 Enter-Mate Ballad Enter-Mate Barracuda Enter-Mate Show Up Enter-Mate Uni Entermate Silver Claw Entermate Thunderhino Entermate Warrior Tiger Illusion Balloons Illusion Trick Performapal Pinch Helper Performapal Revival Team Performapal's Bonds 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b3/Performapal.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160318153428']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Fusion Monster(s), Archetypes with Pendulum Monster(s)