Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Tragoedia_(character)


 
 Tragoedia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Corresponding card 
 Tragoedia 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Tragoedia 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 トラゴエディア 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Previous occupation 
 Pharaoh's court astronomer 
 
 
 
 
 Manga Deck 
 Egyptian Mythology 
 
 
 
 
 WC 2009 
 Tragoedia Attack 
 
 
 
 
 Manga debut 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  Chapter 11: " Deck of Fate!! " 
 
 
 Manga appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 
 
 Nintendo DS appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator 
 
 
 
 Tragoedia  (トラゴエディア,  Toragoedia ) is a character version of the card " Tragoedia " and the central antagonist of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga . He was formerly a citizen of  Kul Elna  who survived the village's massacre, as he was not in the village when the massacre took place. This ultimately resulted in the creation of a powerful  ka   and his attempt to destroy the Pharaoh's kingdom. He was sealed by several of  the Pharaoh's priests , only to be revived in modern times by possessing the bodies of others, with his goal being the restoration of his body and revenge on the "ghosts" of the priests through the spirit cards.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Biography 
 2   Abilities 
 3   Deck 
 
 3.1   Manga 
 3.2   Stardust Accelerator 
 
 
 4   Duels 
 
 
 Biography 
 Back in the times of ancient Egypt when  Aknamkanon  ruled, the man who would become Tragoedia was a citizen of the village of  Kul Elna . He gained an upper position in the Pharaoh's entourage as a court astronomer for the purpose of finding the burial gifts of previous Pharaohs, and then relay the information to Kul Elna. However, he recieved no contact from Kul Elna for a year before learning from word of mouth about the massacre that decimated his village (ordered by  Akhenaden  so as to create the  Millennium Items ). Upon learning this, his hatred and anger led to the creation of an extremely corrupted and powerful  Ka , that being Tragoedia. While judged by the original priests who held the  Millennium Rod  and  Millennium Scale , and by Akhenaden himself, the criminal was  judged  through the  ba   Winged Kuriboh , which was white at the time, but turned dark after coming into contact with the malice inside the man's heart. Tragoedia was manifested in monster form (implied to have absorbed his former human body as it disappeared), and declared his intentions to destroy the Pharaoh's people to avenge Kul Elna before attempting to kill the priests. However, his power had been weakened due to the absorption of his heart by Winged Kuriboh, and Winged Kuriboh absorbed the  Feather of Ma'at  to prevent Tragoedia from reclaiming his heart upon the priests commands. Tragoedia was sealed then, though his power was so great that he remained aware of himself even while sealed, and so his tablet was smashed and its remains buried in the royal tombs. Akhenaden and the other priests vowed to take the memory of what happened there to their graves, so as not to alarm the Pharaoh. 
 Three thousand years later the burial chamber in which Tragoedia lay sealed was opened by archeologists, and he "thanked" them by possessing them, and slowly began body-hopping, finding suitable hosts to further his needs. Ultimately he would end up in  Mr. Phoenix 's body, using his position as a card designer at  I2  to create the  Legendary Planets  archetype, its astronomy theme symbolizing his original self's occupation in the Pharaoh's courts. He would later imply that he also used this time to craft a unique Deck for himself. Tragoedia would later come to possess the  head of the American Duel Academy , with the intention of using someone of a high position to utilize many pawns. He would come to reveal that in Mr. Phoenix's absence, he had raised  Aster Phoenix  to be his perfect pawn. It was also known that he adopted  David Rabb  as his son, because the boy had no known relatives.
 He acted through MacKenzie, and was able to possess David, whom he sent to Duel Academy's main branch with  Reggie MacKenzie  in order to obtain the spirit card in which his heart was still sealed - " Winged Kuriboh ". After Rabb's defeat at the hands of  Chazz Princeton , Tragoedia used Reggie as his main enforcer, but didn't appear to have the same influence over her as she did over David, as she plotted against him at the same time, due to his being weakened by the Feather of Ma'at that had been transferred to " Light and Darkness Dragon ", when the spirit attacked Rabb.
 Principal Mackenzie journeys to the main branch of Duel Academy for the exchange battle between the Japanese and American Academies, and Tragoedia begins using  James Crocodile Cook  to continue the quest that Reggie had abandoned. Jim would identify a potential new "card" for Tragoedia, "King"  Atticus Rhodes , though he was prevented from using the Shadow Games initially, as Tragoedia wanted to savour the experience of his plans coming to fruition. Through his MacKenzie persona, he manipulated both  Aster Phoenix  and  Adrian Gecko  without need of possession, while using Jim,  Jesse Anderson  and  Axel Brodie  to gather energy through the Legendary Planets. After Aster defeated Atticus he (having prevented Atticus from preventing his loss) seized the opportunity to make Atticus one of his pawns, also influencing Adrian at the same time. He then gave Aster one of the Legendary Planets, " The Grand Jupiter ." After Adrian was defeated by Jaden Yuki, he reclaimed the Legendary Planet he had given him, " The Despair Uranus ," and also reclaimed " The Splendid Venus " from Reggie after she spied on him in a warehouse containing his tablet.
 Ultimately, he succeeded in his plot to regain his heart by possessing Atticus Rhodes and defeating  Jaden Yuki . He then called Atticus, Jesse, Axel, and Jim to the warehouse he had stored his tablet in, reclaiming the "Planets" he had given them. He then sent a message to Aster normally, calling him to the warehouse. When Aster found his fellow students and Atticus unconscious, Tragoedia revealed that he was possessing MacKenzie, and revealed his previous host to Aster; his father, Mr. Phoenix. Aster furiously challenged Tragoedia to a Duel, but was defeated by Tragoedia's own "Planet", " the Supremacy Sun ", his defeat and anger supplying the final power needed to resurrect Tragoedia, as had been his purpose since Tragoedia had raised him. Using the gathered energy from the "Legendary Planets", he extracts his heart from "Winged Kuriboh" and becomes whole again. It is as this point that he is finally revealed to Jaden and Chazz as an actual monster, briefly abandoning MacKenzie and appearing before them in monster form. Revealing that he has had no ambition other than completing himself from the beginning, he faces Jaden and Chazz in a final Shadow Game using MacKenzie. 
 After giving them a turn's head start, Tragoedia brings out his ace monster, "The Supremacy Sun", and begins to toy with them, constantly replenishing his Life Points and even destroying Chazz's "Light and Darkness Dragon" despite his previous fear of the spirit, but he ultimately loses to their combined monster, " Ma'at ". Tragoedia then abandons Principal MacKenzie, and muses that he could easily crush Jaden and Chazz like insects. With Tragoedia weakened by his own Shadow Game,  Winged Kuriboh  and  Light and Darkness Dragon  absorb Tragoedia and ultimately sacrifice themselves to seal away Tragoedia once and for all, taking him with them as the three of them die.
 
 Abilities 
 As an embodiment of wickedness and corruption, Tragoedia can possess people at will and use the power of darkness as a means to restrain, kill or plunge any Duel into a dark counterpart of itself, a  Shadow Game , though his influence can be removed by defeating a person in a Shadow Game (or he abandons them due to the fact that the subsequent  Penalty Game  renders them useless to them). He can also remove or alter the memories of those he possesses, allowing him to remain unhindered himself. While possessing MacKenzie, he exhibited the ability to levitate on more than one occasion. When using his abilities, he is often surrounded by a dark shadow similar to Shadow Miasma in appearance.
 He is however extremely weak against the powers of the " Light and Darkness Dragon ", calling it the  Feather of Ma'at , as when Chazz met  Koyo Hibiki , Winged Kuriboh's spirit transferred the Feather of Ma'at it had absorbed in Egypt into Chazz's "Light and Darkness Dragon" card, thus giving it its spirit.
 He was so powerful that he remained conscious even while sealed in a stone tablet, and unlike most  ka , had a much more defined intelligence. His full power is difficult to judge, as he is only seen briefly at full power, and never exhibits any notable difference in strength due to immediately repossessing MacKenzie and Dueling Chazz and Jaden, though at full power, he claimed that he could easily take over the world if he felt the need to do so, and when defeated in a Shadow Game, though he was weakened, he was not outright defeated until the intervention of " Light and Darkness Dragon " and " Winged Kuriboh ."
 
 Deck 
 Manga 
 Tragoedia uses a Deck based around his  ace monster  " The Supremacy Sun ", while supporting it with cards based around  Egyptian Mythology , as well as a significant number of cards focused on  Life Point  recovery and destroying his own monsters to gain advantage, while suffering minimal loss himself due to the effect of "The Sun". He uses this Deck whilst possessing  Principal MacKenzie . According to his own account, he created the cards in his Deck himself, seeing it as controlling his fate as a Duelist (likely while he was possessing Mr. Phoenix).
 
 
 
 Image 
 Information 
 
 
 
 Endless Decay  | Boundless Dead (茫漠の死者  Bōbaku no Shisha ) 
 
 
 Level  5 ★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ? DEF   0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 
 
 
 
 
 One-Eyed Ghost   ( 一 眼 の 死 霊   Ichigan no Shiryō ) 
 
 
 Level  1 ★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 300 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 500 
 
 
 
 
 The Supremacy Sun   ( Ｔｈｅ   ｓｕｐｒｅｍａｃｙ   ＳＵＮ   Za Supuremashī San ) 
 
 
 Level  10 ★★★★★★★★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 3000 DEF   0 0 0 0 3000 
 
 
 
 
 Thousand-Eyed Ghost   ( 千 眼 の 死 霊   Sengan no Shiryō ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Thousand-Eyed Ghost   ( 千 眼 の 死 霊   Sengan no Shiryō ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 800 DEF   0 0 0 0 1000 
 
 
 
 
 Three-Eyed Ghost   ( 三 眼 の 死 霊   Sangan no Shiryō ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 900 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 800 
 
 
 
 
 Three-Eyed Ghost   ( 三 眼 の 死 霊   Sangan no Shiryō ) 
 
 
 Level  3 ★★★ ATK   0 0 0 0 0 900 DEF   0 0 0 0 0 800 
 
 
 
 
 Ebon Sun  | Pitch-Black Sun ( 漆 黒 の 太 陽   Shikkoku no Taiyō ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Prediction   (プレデション（ 予 言 ）  Puredeshon (Yogen) ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Prominence   (プロミネンス  Purominensu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 The World of True Darkness   ( 真 闇 の 世 界   Shin'an no Sekai ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Treasures of the Dead   ( 死 者 の 落 とし 物   Shisha no Otoshimono ) 
 
 
 Card type  Spell Card 
 
 
 
 
 Annihilating Light   ( 滅 殺 する 光   Messatsu-suru Hikari ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Descendants of the Dead   ( 死 者 の 末 裔   Shisha no Matsuei ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Drawn to the Abyss  | Drawn to Naraku ( 奈 落 への 導 き  Naraku e no Michibiki ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Ruined Future   ( 破 滅 の 未 来   Hametsu no Mirai ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 
 Self Destruct  | Self Bomb (セルフ・ボム  Serufu Bomu ) 
 
 
 Card type  Trap Card 
 
 
 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 In  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator , Tragoedia plays a Deck called  Tragoedia Attack , which focuses on  his own card , as well as  extra draws . He and  Exodia  can be unlocked  as a tag-team opponent by winning a Duel via the effect of " Exodia the Forbidden One ".
 
 
 Tragoedia Attack Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blizzed, Guard of the Ice Barrier  x3 
 Bountiful Artemis 
 Dark Mimic LV1  x3 
 Dark Mimic LV3  x3 
 Mystic Tomato  x3 
 Sangan 
 Sphere of Chaos  x3 
 Tragoedia  x3 
 Vortex Trooper Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Card Trader 
 Cup of Ace 
 Infinite Cards  x3 
 Pot of Avarice 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 The Beginning of the End 
 Traps 
 Dark Bribe  x3 
 Defense Draw  x3 
 Good Goblin Housekeeping 
 Jar of Greed  x3 
 Legacy of Yata-Garasu 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Chapter(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Mr. Brodie 
 57 
 Win (flashback)
 
 
 Koyo Hibiki 
 11  /  35 
 Win (through  Reggie MacKenzie )
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 29 - 30 
 Lose (through  David Rabb )
 
 
 Chazz Princeton 
 58 - 59 
 Lose (through  Axel Brodie )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki 
 59 
 Win (through  Atticus Rhodes )
 
 
 Aster Phoenix 
 60 - 61 
 Win (through  Principal MacKenzie )
 
 
 Jaden Yuki  and  Chazz Princeton 
 61 - 64 
 Lose (through  Principal MacKenzie )
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  manga   characters Duel Academy  first year students 
 Jaden Yuki (Judai Yuki) 
 Chazz Princeton (Jun Manjume) 
 Bastion Misawa (Daichi Misawa) 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Syrus Truesdale (Sho Marufuji) 
 Other Duel Academy students 
 Zane "Kaiser" Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 Seika Kohinata 
 Atticus Rhodes (Fubuki Tenjoin) 
 Jasmine (Junko Makurada) 
 Mindy (Momoe Hamaguchi) 
 Duel Academy staff 
 Mr. Ryuga 
 Vellian Crowler (Cronos de Medici) 
 Chancellor Sheppard (Principal Samejima) 
 Midori Hibiki 
 Fonda Fontaine (Emi Ayukawa) 
 Satryr (Kabayama) 
 Duel Monster Spirits 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Light and Darkness Dragon 
 Tragoedia 
 American Duel Academy 
 Principal MacKenzie 
 David Rabb 
 Reggie MacKenzie 
 James Crocodile Cook 
 Adrian Gecko (Amon Garam) 
 Jesse Anderson (Johan Andersen) 
 Axel Brodie (Austin O'Brien) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Original manga  characters 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus (Pegasus J. Crawford) 
 Yugi Mutou 
 Dark Yugi 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Akhenaden 
 Kalim's predecessor 
 Seto's predecessor 
 Other characters 
 Koyo Hibiki 
 Masao 
 Shido Gecko (Shido Garam) 
 Mr. Phoenix 
 Mr. Brodie (Mr. O'Brien) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator  characters 
 Player ← WC08 WC10 → 
 Canon 
 Akiza 
 Blister 
 Blitz 
 Bolt 
 Chief  
 Goodwin 
 Greiger 
 Hunter 
 Jack 
 Larry 
 Lenny 
 Leo 
 Lug 
 Luna 
 MC 
 Nervin 
 Owner 
 Rally 
 Randsborg 
 Tank 
 Trudge 
 Yusei 
 Game original 
 Aase 
 Albie 
 Alina Noula 
 Alpha 
 Angie 
 Anna 
 Barclay 
 Bass 
 Beta 
 Buffer 
 Callisto 
 Corse 
 Delta 
 Dio 
 Elgio 
 Ellison Noula 
 Enjitsu 
 Figaro 
 Fight 
 Fudagawa 
 Gamma 
 Geruzet 
 Giado 
 Globe 
 Grammy 
 Graton 
 Guide 
 Gunnie 
 Haruka 
 Helio 
 Hild 
 Honda 
 Houten 
 Hung Soo 
 Ida 
 Itokawa 
 Jean 
 Kalisse Noula 
 Kameno 
 Kidd 
 Krue 
 Kurihara 
 Kuroe 
 Kyono 
 Lagoon Noula 
 Lutz 
 Mana 
 Marie 
 Mark 
 Michiba 
 Mito 
 Motoi 
 Narumi 
 Oda 
 Olivia 
 Orcus 
 Oscar 
 Renge 
 Roy 
 Saito 
 Salida Noula 
 Sekizato 
 Shirase 
 Shirogane 
 Shuji 
 Skathi 
 Tail 
 Taniyama 
 Tasaka 
 Utagawa 
 Vega 
 Whomper 
 Yagishita 
 Yusuke 
 Guardians 
 Green Guardian - Embust 
 Shell Guardian - Savan 
 Sky Guardian - Sefolile 
 Speed Guardian - Ferrario 
 Underworld Guardian - Moley 
 Dark World Guardian - Gigori 
 World Champions 
 Ayu 
 CausalXXLinkXx 
 Flower 
 Duel Monsters 
 Absorbing Kid from the Sky 
 Abyss Soldier 
 Alien Overlord 
 Ally of Justice Garadholg 
 Arcana Force 0 - The Fool 
 Arcana Force EX - The Dark Ruler 
 Armed Samurai - Ben Kei 
 Assault Mercenary 
 Asura Priest 
 Batteryman Charger 
 Batteryman Micro-Cell 
 Beast King Barbaros 
 Blackwing - Sirocco the Dawn 
 Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior 
 Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Caius the Shadow Monarch 
 Catnipped Kitty 
 Chimeratech Overdragon 
 Cloudian - Storm Dragon 
 Colossal Fighter 
 Commander Covington 
 Cosmic Fortress Gol'gar 
 Crystal Beast Sapphire Pegasus 
 Cyber Dragon 
 Cyber End Dragon 
 Cyberdark Dragon 
 D.D. Survivor 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Dark Magician Girl 
 Dark Necrofear 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Demise, King of Armageddon (character) 
 Destiny End Dragoon 
 Destiny Hero - Diamond Dude 
 Destiny Hero - Doom Lord 
 Doom Dozer (character) 
 Don Zaloog (character) 
 Drillroid 
 Dupe Frog 
 Ebon Magician Curran 
 Elemental Hero Ocean 
 Elemental Hero Stratos 
 Endymion, the Master Magician 
 Evil Hero Dark Gaia 
 Evil Hero Infernal Gainer 
 Exodia the Forbidden One 
 Exodius the Ultimate Forbidden Lord 
 Falcon of Mist Valley 
 Familiar-Possessed - Eria 
 Fiend Roar Deity Grimlo 
 Fiend Roar Deity Luri 
 F.G.D. 
 Flamvell Archer 
 Flamvell Baby 
 Freya, Spirit of Victory 
 Fossil Dyna Pachycephalo 
 Gagagigo 
 Gene-Warped Warwolf 
 Genex Controller 
 Gladiator Beast Gyzarus 
 Goblin Elite Attack Force 
 Gokipon 
 Gora Turtle 
 Grandmaster of the Six Samurai 
 Gravekeeper's Chief 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Green Gadget 
 Guardian Sphinx 
 Harpie Queen 
 Honest 
 Horseytail 
 Horus the Black Flame Dragon LV8 
 Ice Queen 
 Hot Ride 
 Inmato 
 Jenis, Lightsworn Mender 
 Jinzo - Lord 
 Judgment Dragon 
 Jurak Giganot 
 Kahkki, Guerilla of Dark World 
 Krebons 
 Kuraz the Light Monarch 
 Light and Darkness Dragon (character) 
 Mad Dog of Darkness 
 Maha Vailo 
 Majestic Mech - Ohka 
 Marauding Captain 
 Marshmallon 
 Medium of the Ice Barrier 
 Mezuki 
 Montage Dragon 
 Morphtronic Cameran 
 Naturia Gaodrake 
 Necroface 
 Night Wing Sorceress 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 Psychic Lifetrancer 
 Rainbow Dark Dragon 
 Raiza the Storm Monarch 
 Red Dragon Archfiend/Assault Mode 
 Red-Eyes Wyvern 
 Red Ogre 
 Rescue Cat 
 Royal Firestorm Guards 
 Ruin, Queen of Oblivion 
 Sasuke Samurai #4 
 Silent Swordsman LV5 
 Skull Servant 
 Simorgh, Bird of Ancestry 
 Simorgh, Bird of Divinity 
 Snipe Hunter 
 Soldier of Mist Valley 
 Spirit Reaper 
 Splendid Venus 
 Stardust Dragon/Assault Mode 
 Stone Statue of the Aztecs 
 Summoned Skull 
 Super Conductor Tyranno 
 Superancient Deepsea King Coelacanth 
 Telekinetic Shocker 
 The Calculator 
 Thunder King Rai-Oh 
 Toon Gemini Elf 
 Tragoedia (character) 
 Tytannial, Princess of Camellias 
 Ultimate Ancient Gear Golem 
 Ultimate Insect LV7 
 Ultimate Tyranno 
 Vengeful Shinobi 
 Vennominaga the Deity of Poisonous Snakes 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Worm Barses 
 X-Saber Wayne 
 Yamato-no-Kami 
 Yubel 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/Tragoedia-JP-Manga-GX-NC.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20130331075254', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/EndlessDecay-JP-Manga-GX-CA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20150109003154', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/38/OneEyedGhost-EN-Manga-GX-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20190718210443', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/42/TheSupremacySun-JP-Manga-GX-CA.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/50?cb=20150109003200', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's World Championship 2009: Stardust Accelerator characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! GX manga characters