Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_015


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 015 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 青春 のデュエルテニス 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Seishun no Dyueru Tenisu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Duel Tennis of Youth 
 
 
 English 
 Courting Alexis 
 
 
 Number 
 015 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 January 12, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 14, 2005 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Rising Weather Hallelujah " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Borderline Battle " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Seung Jin Bang 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " A Spirit Summoned " 
 " The Duel Giant " 
 
 
 
 
 " Courting Alexis ", known as " Duel Tennis of Youth " in the Japanese version, is the fifteenth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on January 12, 2005 and in the United States on November 14, 2005.
 Jaden Yuki  ends up in a Duel against  Harrington Rosewood , a third year  Obelisk Blue  student who is in love with  Alexis Rhodes  and mistakes Jaden and her for a couple.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Harrington Rosewood 
 3   Mistakes 
 4   Differences in adaptations 
 5   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
 In gym class, the students are playing tennis.  Jaden Yuki  and  Syrus Truesdale  are playing against  Jasmine  and  Mindy . Jaden complains that tennis has nothing to do with Dueling, and spikes the ball, which goes off into the adjacent court, right towards  Alexis Rhodes . He yells for her to watch out, and the ball is intercepted by someone else, and ends up hitting  Dr. Crowler  in the face. The boy who intercepeted the ball appears immediately smitten with Alexis and ultimately backs away nervously. Jaden is later called to the infirmary, and is blamed for hitting Crowler with the tennis ball.  Ms. Fontaine  attempts to defend him, having seen the incident, but Crowler will not listen. He punishes Jaden by forcing him to join the Academy's tennis club for a day. Mindy and Jasmine approach Alexis, and reveal that the boy who intercepted the ball is a third-year  Obelisk Blue  student named  Harrington Rosewood , and that he is the heir to his family's company. They attempt to convince Alexis to date him. Syrus enters the room, panicking, and asks where the tennis club meets. They respond that they meet out on the courts. Syrus reveals that Jaden's punishment was a day of tennis lessons under the captain of  Duel Academy 's tennis team, who turns out to be Harrington himself.
 Alexis arrives at the courts, and Harrington assumes she came to see him. She ignores him, however, and reveals to Jaden that she just spoke with  Professor Banner , and that someone,  Chancellor Foster , has recently spotted  Chazz Princeton . This enrages Harrington so much that he challenges Jaden to a Duel, with the winner becoming Alexis' fiancee. Alexis objects, but Jaden accepts the Duel, never turning down a challenge. Alexis contemplates walking out, but stays to see if the rumors that Harrington is as good a Duelist as  Zane Truesdale  are true. 
 The Duel begins, and Harrington  activates  " Service Ace ", which allows him to pick a card from his hand, whose type ( Monster ,  Spell  or  Trap ) Jaden must guess. If he is wrong, he will take 1500 damage. Jaden guesses Spell, but after some taunting from Harrington changes his answer to Trap. Regardless, it's a monster (" Mega Thunderball "), so Jaden loses 1500  LP , with Harrington  removing the  chosen card from play. Harrington  Sets  a card to end his turn. 
 Jaden Summons and attacks  directly  with " Elemental HERO Avian ", but Harrington activates his face-down " Receive Ace ", which  negates  the attack and inflicts another 1500 damage to Jaden, though Harrington must send the top three cards of his  Deck  to the  Graveyard . Jaden Sets a card.
 Harrington draws and activates " Smash Ace ", which allows him to reveals the top card of his Deck, and if it's a monster, Jaden takes 1000 damage. The card is revealed to be a monster (" Mystical Shine Ball "), but Jaden activates his face-down " Feather Wind " to negate the activation of "Smash Ace". 
 Jaden draws and activates " Polymerization ",  fusing  " Elemental HERO Clayman " and " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster ". He attacks directly with both of his monsters, leaving himself and Harrington at 1000 LP each. 
 Harrington activates " Deuce ", which he can only activate when both players have 1000 LP or less. It essentially changes the rules of the Duel to mimic a round of tennis: LP are now irrelevant, and the first Duelist to inflict damage twice without the opponent inflicting any inbetween is declared the winner; only one monster may attack per  Battle Phase . He then Summons " The Big Server " and uses its effect to attack directly, giving him one point on "Deuce". A successful attack from "The Big Server" also lets him add a "Service Ace" from his Deck to his hand, while letting Jaden draw a card. He then plays "Service Ace", with Jaden declaring monster. He is correct, as Harrington reveals another "Mega Thunderball" which is then removed from play.
 Harrington  equips  "The Big Server" with " Giant Racket ", which will let him negate the first attack towards "The Big Server" at the cost of destroying "Giant Racket". 
 Jaden draws and then plays " De-Fusion ", splitting "Rampart Blaster to  Special Summon  "Clayman" and "Burstinatrix". He then plays " Feather Shot ", which will let "Avian" attack once for each monster Jaden has on the field. The first attack is negated by "Giant Racket", the second destroys "The Big Server", and the third is a direct attack, meaning Jaden inflicted damage twice, winning the Duel via the effect of "Deuce". 
 Harrington bursts into tears and runs off. Jaden approaches Alexis, and states that he guesses this means he's now her fiancee. He then asks her what that means. She has quite a different response to his question depending on  the versions . 
 The episode ends with Harrington staring at the sunset, screeching.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Harrington Rosewood 
 
 This Duel uses  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime gameplay . Rules and  card effects  may differ from that of the  TCG / OCG . See the individual card articles for more information.     
 Turn 1: Harrington 
 Harrington   draws . He then  activates  " Service Ace " by picking a card from his  hand .  Jaden  must guess if it is a  Monster ,  Spell  or  Trap . If he is incorrect, he will take 1500  damage . Jaden chooses Spell, but then he changes his choice to Trap. The chosen card is then revealed to be the monster " Mega Thunderball ". The chosen card is then  removed from play  (Jaden: 4000 → 2500 LP). Harrington's hand contains " Smash Ace ", " Receive Ace ", and two copies of "Mega Thunderball". Harrington  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Feather Wind ". Jaden's hand contains " Elemental HERO Avian ", " Elemental HERO Clayman ", " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " and two unspecified cards. Jaden  Normal Summons  "Avian" (1000/1000) in  Attack Position . "Avian"  attacks   directly , but Harrington activates his  face-down  "Receive Ace" to send the top three cards of his  Deck  to the  Graveyard ,  negate  the attack and inflict 1500 damage to Jaden (Jaden: 2500 → 1000 LP). Jaden Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Harrington 
Harrington draws "Smash Ace" and subsequently activates it to  reveal  the top card of his Deck. If it is a monster, he can inflict 1000 damage to Jaden. He draws " Mystical Shine Ball ", but Jaden activates his face-down "Feather Wind" to negate the  effect  of "Smash Ace" and destroy it. The card revealed is then sent to the Graveyard due to the last effect of "Smash Ace".
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Polymerization " and subsequently activates it to  fuse  "Clayman" and "Burstinatrix" to  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster " (2000/2500) in Attack Position. "Avian" and "Rampart Blaster" then attack directly (Harrington: 4000 → 3000 → 1000 LP).
 Turn 5: Harrington 
Harrington draws " The Big Server ". Since both players have only 1000  LP , Harrington activates " Deuce ". Now both players may attack with only one monster during each  Battle Phase . Whoever can inflict  Damage  twice without the opponent doing so in-between the two strikes wins the Duel. If a player takes damage from their opponent, the number of times that player is considered to have inflicted damage will become 0. Also, while "Deuce" is  face-up , neither player can lose the Duel if their LP hit 0. 
 Harrington Normal Summons " The Big Server " (300/300) in Attack Position. "The Big Server" attacks directly via its own effect (Jaden: 1000 → 700 LP). Since "The Big Server" inflicted Battle Damage, its effect activates, allowing Harrington to  add  "Service Ace" from his Deck to his hand and allowing Jaden to draw a card (" Feather Shot "). Harrington activates "Service Ace" to pick a card from his hand and make Jaden guess its  card type . Jaden declares "Monster" and Harrington reveals the picked card as "Mega Thunderball". "Mega Thunderball" is then removed from play. Harrington then activates " Giant Racket ",  equipping  it to "The Big Server". Now  once per turn , the equipped monster  cannot be destroyed by battle  and Harrington will take no Battle Damage from that  battle .
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws " De-Fusion " and subsequently activates it to  return  "Rampart Blaster" to the  Fusion Deck  and  Special Summon  "Clayman" (800/2000) and "Burstinatrix" (1200/800) from his Graveyard in Attack Position. Jaden then activates "Feather Shot" by selecting "Avian". Now in addition to a normal attack, "Avian" will gain one additional attack for every other monster Jaden  controls . Jaden controls two, so "Avian" gains two additional attacks. 
 "Avian" attacks "The Big Server", but Harrington activates the effect of "Giant Racket" which prevents "The Big Server" from being destroyed and prevents Harrington from taking Battle Damage. "Avian" attacks and destroys "The Big Server" (Harrington: 1000 → 300 LP). "Avian" then attacks directly (Harrington: 300 → 0 LP). Due to the effect of "Deuce", Jaden automatically wins.
 
 Mistakes 
 Despite the card's written  effect , a counter was not shown being removed from  Harrington 's side of " Deuce " when  Jaden  gained a counter. 
 When Harrington's hand is shown, his hand contains "Service Ace", "Smash Ace", and two " Mega Thunderballs ". It should have contained one "Mega Thunderball", " Receive Ace ", " Deuce ", and " Giant Racket ". 
 In the Japanese, when "Mega Thunderball's" card is shown as a result of Jaden getting it wrong, the card has no Level. 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the Japanese dub, it's mentioned that Ayanokouji is the heir to a motor company. This is changed to Harrington being the heir to a sporting goods company in the English dub. 
 In the Japanese version,  Asuka's  response to  Judai's  question of "what does fiancee mean" is "you idiot!". This is changed significantly in the dub, where Alexis responds that it just means they are friends, "for now." In addition,  Ayanokouji's  declaration as he looks at the sunset is "I hate Dueling the most" in the Japanese version, while he promises to win Alexis' affections in another way in the dub, although Mindy gave him her phone number. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Rampart Blaster Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 De-Fusion 
 Feather Shot 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Feather Wind 
 
 Harrington Rosewood Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Mega Thunderball  x3 
 Mystical Shine Ball 
 Effect Monsters 
 The Big Server Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Deuce 
 Giant Racket 
 Service Ace  x2 
 Smash Ace 
 Traps 
 Receive Ace 
 
 Syrus' thoughts Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Obelisk the Tormentor  x2 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/8a/Series015.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120728234923', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Ambox_notice.png/revision/latest?cb=20100710011553']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes