Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Team_Taiyo


 
 Team Taiyo
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji
 
 
 チーム・太陽
 
 
 
 Rōmaji
 
 
 Chīmu Taiyō
 
 
 
 Japanese translated
 
 
 Team Taiyo
 
 
 
 Alternate names
 
 
 Team Sun
 
 
 
 
 Appears in (anime)
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 Founder
 
 
 Taro Yamashita 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 
 Yoshizo Hayashi  (First Wheeler) 
 Jinbei Tanigawa  (Second Wheeler) 
 Taro Yamashita  (Last Wheeler) 
 
 
 Team Taiyo , translated as  Team Sun , is a team participating in the  WRGP  finals. It is revealed that  Taro Yamashita ,  Yoshizo Hayashi  and  Jinbei Tanigawa  were friends before the WRGP. They lived in the countryside with their families until Taro heard of the WRGP and decided they should have a shot at it. 
 By pooling their money, they are able to buy one  Duel Runner , but it is a piece of junk and requires them to gather replacement parts to get it working again. Taro's father helps with this, even though his hope for Taro's success is lukewarm at best. They also look through the trash just to find enough cards to make a  Deck , but practically all of them are low-level  Normal Monsters . Even though Taro refuses to give up hope, Jinbei is frustrated by this and goes off on his own to try to move to the city and get better cards. Taro then finds one card that they could work and devises a strategy around it.  Jinbei encounters trouble, but Taro and Yoshizo rescue him. After their close escape, Taro announces that he's found a strategy that they can use not only to duel, but to win. While the team remains doubtful that their strategy could work, they nevertheless decide to give it a shot. As the sun rises on the trio, they affirm their identity as Team Taiyo (named for the Japanese word for "sun"), the team that rises brightly each day.
 
         Team "Taiyo" is founded.     
 During the preliminary block, they win both of their first duels, putting them into the finals. However, their  Machine Day Breaker  is damaged during the  Diablo  attacks, and they are unable to fix it properly. During a test run, they have an accidental encounter with  Leo , who scrapes his knee as he dodges being run over.
 They take him back to the old hotel where they are staying to treat his injury. As they swap introductions, they are surprised to learn that Leo is from  Team 5D's . Yoshizo wants  Yusei 's autograph, and Leo offers to convince Yusei to repair their Machine Day Breaker, but Jinbei adamantly refuses this. Leo leaves, but later on, he brings Yusei and  Bruno  to them to offer their help again. Team Taiyo has still made no progress, and even though Jinbei still insists that they should do this on their own, Taro admits that their progress has surpassed his own expectations, and he wants to see how they can do in the finals. Jinbei finally relents, and Yusei and Bruno not only patch the Machine Day Breaker back together, but also improve its speed and handling, to the amazement of Yoshizo, Jinbei and Taro.
 During the repairs, Yusei sympathizes with Team Taiyo, who is surprised to learn that Yusei's first Duel Runner was also built from scraps and junk. In fact, he, Jack and Crow all had to pull themselves from the depths of  Satellite  by finding a new hope. Yoshizo asks Yusei to sign his Deck. When Yusei and Leo see that it seems to only have been built with  Normal Monsters , Jinbei hurriedly hides the cards, because both teams are competing in the WRGP and Yusei knowing Yoshizo's cards would be a disadvantage for them. 
 
         Team Taiyo's strength.     
 Afterward, the two teams part, and Taro says that if they face, they can duel without regret. In a surprise to both teams, the next day's announcements show that Team 5D's and Team Taiyo will be facing each other in the first round of the finals. Team Taiyo's strategy is a very passive one, and such tactics are quickly booed by the crowd, to which Taro reflects that it has been like that the entire tournament. However, Jack suspects that there is more to it than meets the eye, and he passes those concerns on to Crow, who is able to work them down to their last member, Taro. It is not until the last possible minute that Yusei realizes what their true strategy is—they are aiming to summon " Zushin the Sleeping Giant ", a monster with incredible power but also with summoning conditions so steep that nobody bothers to use it.
 Despite a warning to Crow, Taro succeeds in the summon, and the crowd is instantly swayed in favor of Team Taiyo for having brought about such a miracle. Likewise, Yoshizo and Jinbei are overjoyed at this support and the fulfillment of their team strategy, and Taro is determined to not let them down. However, just when Taro believes he has the game set for his team's victory, Yusei defeats "Zushin" by combining his own surprise ace monster with card effects left behind by Jack and Crow as well as exposing the weakness to the effects of "Zushin the Sleeping Giant". Team 5D's wins, and Taro is left devastated, apologizing to his friends for being unable to win, but Jinbei gets him to snap out of it, with Yoshizo agreeing that they've still fought an unsurpassed duel and managed to finally be able to summon "Zushin" which was all an incredible feat that was seemingly impossible to them. Team 5D's congratulates them — even though 5D's may have won the match, Taiyo has won the Duel by awakening such wonder in the crowd. Taro cheers back up, and he celebrates with his team. They gladly shake hands with Team 5D's and decide to return home.
 In episode 150, they're cheering on Yusei.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Decks 
 2   Owned cards 
 3   Duels 
 4   Trivia 
 
 
 Decks 
 Main article:  Yoshizo Hayashi § Deck 
 Main article:  Jinbei Tanigawa § Deck 
 Main article:  Taro Yamashita § Deck 
 The members of Team Taiyo play  Stall - Burn  Decks . Their decks are made up mostly of weak  Normal Monsters  they found in the trash due to not having access to any other cards. Their goal is to keep the  Level  1 Normal  monster  " Key Mace " on the field for 10  turns  to  summon  their ace card " Zushin the Sleeping Giant ", a monster that no one would attempt to summon because it's summoning conditions are too difficult to achieve in a regular duel. However, since the WRGP Duels are team-based, the special rules used during the tournament treat the entire match as one single Duel so the  Turn count  doesn't reset after each Duelist is eliminated, allowing Team Taiyo to continue prolonging the duel even if they lose a team member.
 They stall by using their low Level monsters with high defense in order to power up " Hand-Holding Genie " and defend themselves from card effects using " Scrum Force ". They also use this stalling strategy to inflict continuous damage with " Speed World 2 ". Their "Stall-Burn" tactics also serve to distract the opponent team from their real goal of summoning "Zushin the Sleeping Giant", as their opponents will focus more on taking down their "Hand-Holding Genie" rather than destroying their seemingly harmless "Key Mace".
 Their Decks do not have any rare cards; even "Zushin the Sleeping Giant" is a common card, presumably found in the trash. It is also unknown how they were able to get into the finals, as it is said that no one has been able to summon "Zushin the Sleeping Giant" up until Team Taiyo's Duel with  Team 5D's , and no one knew that they were using that card until Yusei figured it out. It can be assumed that they won through using the effects of "Speed World 2".
 
 Owned cards 
 In addition to their Decks, the Team was shown with a vast amount of Normal Monster cards in flashbacks in episodes  119  and  120 .
 
 
 Owned cards Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Change Slime  x2 
 Dokuroyaiba  x2 
 Eyearmor  x2 
 Fiend Reflection #2  x2 
 Genin  x2 
 Giant Scorpion of the Tundra  x2 
 Kageningen 
 Kurama  x2 
 Key Mace 
 Petit Angel  x2 
 Ray and Temperature 
 Shadow Specter 
 Skull Servant  x2 
 Spirit of the Books  x2 
 Trakodon  x2 
 Turtle Raccoon  x2 
 Weather Control  x2 
 Wetha Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Speed Spell - Final Attack 
 Traps 
 Backup Soldier 
 Duels 
 
 
 Record
 
 
 Opponent 
 Outcome 
 
 
 WRGP  Team 
 Win
 
 
 WRGP  Team 
 Win
 
 
 Team 5D's 
 Lose
 
 
 Trivia 
 Most of the cards that are used by Team Taiyo which include the Normal Monsters and Trap Cards are from the first Yu-Gi-Oh Series early  Booster Packs . 
 Their only dub appearance was a cameo in Episode 134. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's Series 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Specials
 OVA 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D Bonds Beyond Time 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Video games 
 Stardust Accelerator 
 Duel Transer 
 Reverse of Arcadia 
 Over the Nexus 
 Tag Force 4 
 Tag Force 5 
 Tag Force 6 
 Decade Duels 
 Wheelie Breakers 
 Duel Terminals 
 Synchro Awakening!! 
 Invasion of Worms!! 
 Justice Strikes Back!! 
 Demon Roar God Revival!! 
 Champion of Chaos!! 
 Dragunity of the Hurricane!! 
 Charge of the Genex!! 
 Pulse of the Trishula!! 
 Vylon Descends!! 
 Raid of the Inverz!! 
 Judgment of Omega!! 
 Story arcs 
 Fortune Cup 
 Dark Signers 
 Pre-World Racing Grand Prix (Pre-World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 World Racing Grand Prix (World Riding Duel Grand Prix) 
 Ark Cradle (arc) 
 Duel Terms 
 Accel Synchro Summon 
 Concentration Duel 
 Dark Synchro Monster 
 Dark Synchro Summon 
 Double Tuning 
 Limit Over Accel Synchro 
 Shadow Duel (Duel of Darkness) 
 Synchro Material 
 Synchro Monster 
 Synchro Summon 
 Turbo Duel (Riding Duel) 
 Artifacts & Items 
 Daily Duel 
 Nazca Lines 
 Technology 
 Aporia's heart device 
 Blister's marker jammer 
 Criminal mark 
 Criminal mark tracker 
 D-Sensor 
 Deathmatch Duel Rope 
 Divine Temple (Arc Cradle) 
 Duel Disk 
 Duel Runner (D-Wheel) 
 Duel Board (D-Board) 
 Ener-D (Momentum) 
 Sector Security probe 
 Z-one's head device 
 Abilities 
 Foresee Draw  (manga) 
 Perfect Synchronicity (Clear Mind) 
 Blazing Soul (Burning Soul) 
 Mark of the Dragon 
 Mark of the Shadows 
 Psychic Duelist 
 Rune Eye 
 Groups 
 Aesir (Polar Star God) 
 Arcadia Movement 
 Crow's team 
 Duel Gang 
 Dark Signer 
 Earthbound Immortal (Earthbound God) 
 Magician's Four 
 Meklord Emperor (Machine Emperor) 
 Monkey troop 
 Sector Security (Public Security Maintenance Bureau) 
 Duel Chasers 
 Shadow Drones 
 Signer 
 Signer Dragon 
 Team 5D's 
 Team Black Baron 
 Team Burning 
 Team Catastrophe 
 Team Delta 
 Team Fortune Ark 
 Team Golem 
 Team Insect 
 Team Lightning 
 Team New World 
 Team Ragnarok 
 Team Sherry 
 Team Small Field 
 Team Squirrel 
 Team Taiyo 
 Team The Arm 
 Team Unicorn 
 Team White Tiger 
 Team White Wind 
 The Ambulators 
 The Enforcers (Team Satisfaction) 
 The Skull Flames 
 Iliaster 
 Iliaster's Four Stars of Destruction 
 Three Pure Nobles (Three Emperors of Iliaster) 
 Dueling Assassins 
 Tournaments 
 Cross-America Golden Tag Tournament 
 Exhibition League 
 Fortune Cup 
 Legend of Duelist Kingdom 
 Pegasus J. Crawford Cup Trinidad Riding Duel Grand Prix 
 Riding in the Battle City 
 World Racing Grand Prix 
 Characters' Decks 
 Andre (Andore) 
 Aporia 
 Breo 
 Bruno 
 Carly Carmine (Carly Nagisa) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Greiger (Bommer) 
 Hunter Pace (Enjo Mukuro) 
 Jean 
 Kalin Kessler (Kiryu Kyosuke) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Leo (Rua) 
 Luna (Ruka) 
 Mr. Armstrong (Tasaku) 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Other 
 3000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 8000 B.C. Nazca battle 
 Crimson Dragon 
 Dragon Star 
 Goodwin assassination attempt 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Meklord Emperor Genocide 
 
 Characters
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c6/Team_Taiyo.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20150108213912', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/61/Sun.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150108231314', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/83/Normal_taiyo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150108231507']
Categories: Teams