Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Joey_Wheeler_(DSOD_Duel_Links)


 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Joey Wheeler 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 城之内克也 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Wayne Grayson 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Hiroki Takahashi 
 
 
 
 Joey Wheeler  is a playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Joey Wheeler , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions  film.
 He is exclusive to the  special event   Memories of a Friend , only being able to be dueled or unlocked during the event.
 Red Gate Keys are required to Duel Joey Wheeler at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 4   Level-up rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 9   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Joey has an unbreakable bond of friendship with both Yugi and the Pharaoh. By battling the toughest opponents ---- including those who possess Millennium Items ---- Joey has greatly improved as a Duelist... if he can get the grades to graduate.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Joey (DSOD) Deck Monsters  (16) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Steer 
 Battle Warrior  x3 
 Hero of the East  x3 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x3 
 Mountain Warrior  x3 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon  (glossy) 
 Swordsman of Landstar  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack  x2 
 Stop Defense  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 Servants in Battle Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Battle Warrior  x3 
 Kagemusha of the Blue Flame  x3 
 Mountain Warrior  x3 
 Skull Stalker  x2 
 Swordsman of Landstar  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Block Attack  x2 
 Hinotama 
 Stop Defense 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Traps 
 Gamble 
 Level 20 
 
 Super Strong Fighters Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Alligator's Sword  x2 
 Baby Dragon  x2 
 Leogun 
 M-Warrior 1  x2 
 M-Warrior 2  x2 
 Masaki the Legendary Swordsman  x2 
 Tiger Axe  x2 Extra Deck  (2) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Alligator's Sword Dragon 
 Karbonala Warrior Spells  (7) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Double Snare 
 Polymerization  x2 
 Shield & Sword  x2 
 The Warrior Returning Alive 
 Level 30 
 
 Ritual Red-Eyes Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Armored Lizard  x3 
 Axe Raider  x2 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Dragon's Chick  x2 
 Maximum Six 
 Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact 
 Rocket Warrior  x2 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Paladin of Dark Dragon  x2 Spells  (6) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Dragon Ritual  x2 
 Graceful Dice  x2 
 Red-Eyes Insight 
 Shield & Sword 
 Level 40 
 
 Red-Eyes Overdrive Monsters  (14) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Axe Raider  x2 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Copycat 
 Little-Winguard  x2 
 Red-Eyes Baby Dragon 
 Rocket Warrior  x2 
 The Black Stone of Legend  x3 Spells  (2) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Graceful Dice 
 Red-Eyes Insight 
 Traps 
 Graverobber 
 Red-Eyes Spirit  x2 
 Skull Dice 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 A Day in the Magical Citadel Monsters  (13) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Axe Raider  x2 
 Leogun 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon  x2 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Dragon's Chick 
 Little-Winguard 
 Marauding Captain 
 Rocket Warrior 
 The Black Stone of Legend 
 Time Wizard 
 Ritual Monsters 
 Paladin of Dark Dragon  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Slash Dragon Spells  (6) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Block Attack 
 Dark Dragon Ritual  x2 
 Graceful Dice 
 Legendary Sword 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Red-Eyes Spirit 
 Skill: "Red-Eyes Morph" (If your Life Points are at 4000 or below, play 1 "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" from your hand, Deck, or Graveyard at the beginning of your turn. Then, change that monster to " Archfiend Black Skull Dragon ". This Skill can only be used once per Duel.)
 
 
 Tag Across Dimensions Monsters  (10) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Black Metal Dragon 
 Blue Flame Swordsman  x2 
 Gearfried the Red-Eyes Iron Knight  x3 
 Red-Eyes Retro Dragon Extra Deck  (3) 
 Fusion Monsters 
 Red-Eyes Slash Dragon  x3 Spells  (5) &  Traps  (5) 
 Spells 
 Red-Eyes Fusion  x3 
 Red-Eyes Insight  x2 
 Traps 
 Red-Eyes Fang with Chain  x2 
 Red-Eyes Spirit 
 Return of the Red-Eyes  x2 
 Level-up rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Joey Wheeler (DSOD) reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Mystical Sheep #1 "
 
 
 4
 
 My Warrior Buddies ( Skill )
 
 
 5
 
 Deck Slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " BIG Win!? "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck Slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 9
 
 25 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Mystical Sheep #1 "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Banisher of the Light "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " BIG Win!? "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Invader of the Throne "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Blue Flame Swordsman "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Fusionmorph: Red-Eyes ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Copycat "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Banisher of the Light "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " BIG Win!? "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck Slot (Joey Wheeler)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Sasuke Samurai #4 "
 
 
 31
 
 10,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Invader of the Throne "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Ventdra, the Empowered Warrior "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Head Judging "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Dice It "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Divine Knight Ishzark "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " D.D. Patrol Plane "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " D.D. Seeker "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Disposable Learner Device "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Thousand Dragon "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Flame Swordsman "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Alligator's Sword Dragon "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Legendary Sword "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Armored Lizard "
 
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 My Warrior Buddies
 
 Level 4 EARTH Warrior-Type monsters you control gain 200 ATK.
 
 Level 4
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500.   During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Fusionmorph: Red-Eyes
 
 Discard one of the following monsters from your hand, then change 1 monster you control whose original name is " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " into one of the following monsters:   - Level 6 Fiend-Type Normal Monster: " Black Skull Dragon "   - Level 6 Dragon-Type Normal Monster: " Meteor Black Dragon "   - Level 4 EARTH Warrior-Type Normal Monster: " Red-Eyes Slash Dragon "   This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Friends and Foes
 
 Can be used when you control a monster whose original name is one of the following:   - Red-Eyes Black Dragon   -  Jinzo    -  The Legendary Fisherman    Increase the ATK of these monsters by 300 times the number of them you control.   This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Red-Eyes Fusion
 
 Can be used when you have 2400 or less Life Points. Return 1 " Red-Eyes " card from your hand to your Deck, and add 1 " Red-Eyes Fusion " from your Deck to your hand. If your Life Points are exactly 2400, you can return 1 "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" from your Graveyard to your Deck instead.   This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event Exclusive
 
 
 Red-Eyes Roulette
 
 Select 1 monster from the list below and add it to your Deck from outside of the Deck. Then, add 1 random "Red-Eyes" card from your Deck to your hand and return 1 "Red-Eyes" card from your hand to your Deck. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that has 10 or more "Red-Eyes" cards including at least 5 "Red-Eyes" monsters. Can be used from the 4th turn onward. This Skill can only be used once per Duel. (Extra Deck does not count.) "Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning" "Summoned Skull" "Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact" "Meteor Dragon" "Gearfried the Red-Eyes Iron Knight" "Gearfried the Iron Knight"
 
 Lifetime Mission
 
 
 Road to the Pro League
 
 Your Duel Assessment score for Tribute Summoning monsters will be multiplied by 1.5.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Scapegoat
 
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 2000.   During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, play 3 " Sheep Tokens " in Defense Position and skip straight to your End Phase.   This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event Exclusive
 
 
 Time Roulette Go!
 
 When you call the coin toss correctly, the effect of " Time Wizard " changes monsters you control whose original names are the following, to the following other monsters:   -  Dark Magician :  Dark Sage    -  Baby Dragon :  Thousand Dragon    This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Attack Charge
 
 1 face-up monster you control gain the current turn count x100 ATK until the end of this turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points.   This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Grit
 
 If you had 4000 or more Life Points at the start of that turn, your Life Points will not fall below 1 for one time only. This Skill will only activate once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Life Charge
 
 Increase your Life Points by the current turn count x200. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost δ
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 3500, reduces hand by 3 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Reinforcements
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500.   Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and draw a random Warrior-Type monster.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yami Yugi 
 When starting a Duel with  Yami Yugi , Joey announces "Huh? Is it really you...?"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Heh!" followed by "Got ya, Yuge!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "Well, dis wasn't a shocker. You're tough as always." 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey announces "Kaiba! If you wanna Duel Yugi, you gotta get thru me first!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Looks like you're da one who needs to step up his game!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "Argh! I'll get ya someday, Kaiba!" followed by "And when I do, I'm throwin' a party! And you ain't invited!" 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey announces "Ya look grown up, but I bet you're still a kid on da inside!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "I knew it! You're still the same ol' kid!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "Are you really Mokuba? Cuz the Mokuba I know ain't dis good!" 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 When starting a Duel with  Yugi Muto (DSOD) , Joey announces "Yugi! Let's let our cards do da talkin'!" 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD), Bakura Ryo (DSOD), Duke Delvin 
 When starting a Duel with  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Bakura (DSOD)  or  Duke Delvin  , Joey announces "My dream's to become a professional Duelist!" followed by "And I'll make my dream a reality!" 
 Tristan Taylor 
 When starting a Duel with  Tristan Taylor , Joey says "Have ya ranked up from a newb to a newbie yet, Tristan?"
 When he loses the Duel, he says "I lost... to Tristan... I'll never be a pro..." 
 Scud 
 When starting a Duel with  Scud , Joey announces "Scud! Your bullyin' days are over!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Too bad, Scud!" followed by "My Dueling is more powerful than my fists!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "Argh... You better not do nuthin' bad, Scud..." 
 Aigami 
 When starting a Duel with  Aigami , Joey announces "Aigami...? ... Oh yeah. Dat's your name. Aigami..." or "Aigami... Who are you?" or (in a Dimension Duel) "I'm gettin' out of here pronto!"
 When he wins the Duel, Joey says "Don't you get it, Aigami?" followed by "Our bonds go beyond Dimensions!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Joey says "Aigami... Who - or what - are you?" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 When Joey Summons " Jinzo ", a cut-in frame of Joey briefly appears, and he announces "Espa Roba gave me dis card!" followed by "Heeeere's Jinzo!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "Jinzo" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Jinzo" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Jinzo, wreck 'em!" followed by "Cyber Energy Shock!" 
 When Joey Wheeler Summons " Red-Eyes Black Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey appears, and makes an announcement about the card. If that player hasn't already Summoned "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" (or it's  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) during that Duel, a cutscene of "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Red-Eyes!" or "Red-Eyes Black Dragon attacks!" followed by "Inferno Fire Blast!" 
 The announcement before the animation cutscene can be either of the following:
 "Let's go, Red-Eyes Black Dragon!" 
 "We're gonna fight together 'til we're champions!" followed by "Red-Eyes Black Dragon!" 
 When Joey Summons " The Legendary Fisherman ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Mako trusted me to use dis card right, so I'm gonna!" followed by "The Legendary Fisherman!" If that player hasn't already Summoned "The Legendary Fisherman" during that Duel, a cutscene of "The Legendary Fisherman" being Summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Legendary Fisherman attacks!" followed by "Harpoon of Doom!" 
 When Joey Summons " Gilford the Lightning ", a cut-in frame of Joey briefly appears, and he announces "This guy's bringing the thunder! Gilford the Lightning!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Gilford the Lightning!" followed by "Lightning Crush!" 
 When he activates the effect of that monster, he announces "When Gilford is summoned, it destroys all your monsters!" follwoed by "Lightning Sword!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Slash Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey briefly appears, and he announces "Joinin' me is Red-Eyes Slash Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Slash Dragon! Go!" 
 When Joey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Slash Dragon's effect activates!" 
 When Joey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Dat won't work against Red-Eyes Slash Dragon!" 
 When Joey activates the third effect of that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Slash Dragon may go down, but I still got dis!" 
 When Joey Summons " Archfiend Black Skull Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here comes Archfiend Black Skull Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Archfiend Black Skull Dragon will send you packing!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Archfiend Black Skull Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "Red-Eyes may be in my Grave, but it can still burn you up!" 
 When Joey Summons " Black Skull Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Check out Black Skull Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "B. Skull Dragon attacks!" followed by "Molten Fire Balls!" 
 When Joey Summons " Meteor Black Comet Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, he announces "Come on out, Meteor Black Comet Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Meteor Black Comet Dragon, blow 'em away!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Meteor Black Comet Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "It revives a normal monster from the Graveyard!" 
 When Joey Summons " Meteor Black Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Here's Meteor Black Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Meteor B. Dragon attacks!" followed by "Burning Dark Meteor!" 
 When Joey Summons " Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Meteor Dragon Red-Eyes Impact! Charge!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning! Attack!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Archfiend of Lightning! Light 'em up!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon ", a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and he announces "I Special Summon Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Black Metal Dragon attacks!" followed by "Flash Flare Blast!" 
 When Joey Summons " Thousand Dragon ", he chants  "After a thousand years, Baby Dragon grows up!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Joey's face briefly appears, and announces "Thousand Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Thousand Dragon!" followed by "Noxious Nostril Gust!" 
 When Joey Summons " Alligator's Sword ", he announces "Alligator's Sword!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Alligator's Sword! Wield your blade!" 
 When Joey Summons " Alligator's Sword Dragon ", he announces "Alligator's Sword Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Fly Alligator's Sword Dragon!" followed by "Glide Blade!" 
 When Joey Summons " Axe Raider ", he announces "Check dis! It's Axe Raider!" followed by "He's an ultra rare monster!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Axe Raider! Wind Blade!" 
 When Joey Summons " Baby Dragon ", he announces "Let's go Baby Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get' em Baby Dragon!" followed by "Dragon Breathe!" 
 When Joey Summons " Battle Warrior ", he announces "Battle Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Battle Warrior!" followed by "Ultimate Battle Fist!" 
 When Joey Summons " Black Dragon's Chick ", he announces "Black Dragon's Chick!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Black Dragon's Chick!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I send Black Dragon's Chick to the Grave to summon Red-Eyes!" 
 When Joey Summons " Black Metal Dragon ", he announces "Black Metal Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Black Metal Dragon! Attack!" 
 When Joey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I equip Black Metal Dragon on Red-Eyes!" 
 When Joey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Black Metal Dragon adds a card to my hand!" 
 When Joey Summons " Copycat ", he announces "Copycat!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Copycat! Attack!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Copycat's effect copies your monster!" 
 When Joey Summons " Flame Swordsman ", he announces "Go! Flame Swordsman!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Flame Swordsman, slice 'em up!" followed by "Flaming Sword of Battle!" 
 When Joey Summons " Gearfried the Iron Knight ", he announces "Gearfried the Iron Knight!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go Gearfried, attack!" followed by "Metal Forearm Thrust!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gearfried's armor won't let it don any Equip Cards!" 
 When Joey Summons " Gearfried the Red-Eyes Iron Knight ", he announces "Gearfried the Red-Eyes Iron Knight!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Gearfried attacks!" 
 When Joey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Gearfried can shread an Equip Spell to destroy a Spell or Trap!" 
 When Joey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Gearfried's other effect swaps an Equip Card for Red-Eyes!" 
 When Joey Summons " Giltia the D. Knight ", he announces "I'm playin' this card! Giltia the D. Knight!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Giltia, attack!" followed by "Soul Spear Assault!" 
 When Joey declares an attack with  Lava Golem , he announces "I'll attack you with your own pet!" followed by "Lava Golem, Joey's Inferno!" 
 When Joey Summons " Little-Winguard ", he announces "Little-Winguard!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Little-Winguard attacks!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Little-Winguard's effect switches battle position!" 
 When Joey Summons " Panther Warrior ", he announces "The Level 4 Beast-Warrior! Panther Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Panther Warrior! Swift Panther Slash!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Baby Dragon ", he announces "Red-Eyes Baby Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Red-Eyes Baby Dragon attacks!" 
 When Joey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I equip Red-Eyes Baby Dragon to Red-Eyes to revive it!" 
 When Joey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The equipped Red-Eyes Baby Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "I add a card to my hand!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Retro Dragon ", he announces "Red-Eyes Retro Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Retro Dragon attacks!" 
 When Joey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Red-Eyes Retro Dragon's effect from my hand!" followed by "I turn back time to resurect Red-Eyes!" 
 When Joey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Retro Dragon's effect activates!" followed by "I can summon a bonus Red-Eyes this turn!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Wyvern ", he announces "Red-Eyes Wyvern!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Wyvern attacks! Dark Flame!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use Red-Eyes Wyvern's effect to Special Summon Red-Eyes!" 
 When Joey Summons " Rocket Warrior ", he announces "Rocket Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Rocket Warrior, transform to launch!" followed by "Blast off!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Rocket Warrior cuts your monster's ATK points down!" 
 When Joey Summons " Swordsman of Landstar ", he announces "Come on out, Swordsman of Landstar!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Swordsman of Landstar! Attack!" 
 When Joey Summons " The Black Stone of Legend ", he announces "The Black Stone of Legend!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "The Black Stone of Legend attacks!" 
 When Joey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I tribute The Black Stone of Legend! That let's me call out Red-Eyes from my Deck!" 
 When Joey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "The Black Stone of Legend activates from my Graveyard!" 
 When Joey Summons " Time Wizard ", he announces "You got this Time Wizard!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Time Wizard, attack!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I believe in ya Time Wizard!" followed by "Time Roulette!"
 When resolving the effect by calling the coin toss correctly, he announces "Aw yeah! All your monsters are destroyed!" followed by "Time Magic!" 
 When resolving the effect by calling the coin toss incorrectly, he announces "Aw no, I failed!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Joey activates " Cards of the Red Stone ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Cards of the Red Stone!" 
 When Joey activates " Eradicating Aerosol ", he announces "Bugs really bug me!" followed by "Eradicating Aerosol!" 
 When Joey activates " Graceful Dice ", he announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Graceful Dice!" 
 When Joey activates " Graverobber ", he announces "I'm stealin' your Spell Card from your Graveyard!" followed by "I activate the Trap, Graverobber!" 
 When Joey activates " Kunai with Chain ", he announces "Here's my Trap Card, Kunai with Chain!" 
 When Joey activates " Lightning Blade ", he announces "Electricity zaps when it's in water!" followed by "Lightning Blade!" 
 When Joey activates " Magical Arm Shield ", he announces "Hehe! Caught ya!" followed by "I use Trap Card, Magical Arm Shield!" 
 When Joey activates " Metalmorph ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Metalmorph!" 
 When Joey activates " Polymerization ", he announces "Here goes! Da Spell Card, Polymerization!" 
 When Joey activates " Red-Eyes Fang with Chain ", he announces "I activate my Trap Card, Red-Eyes Fang with Chain!" 
 When Joey activates " Red-Eyes Fusion ", he announces "I'm gonna Fusion Summon Red-Eyes with this!" followed by "I activate da Spell Card, Red-Eyes Fusion!" 
 When Joey activates " Red-Eyes Insight ", he announces "I activate my Spell Card, Red-Eyes Insight!" 
 When Joey activates " Red-Eyes Spirit ", he announces "I'm using Red-Eyes Spirit!" followed by "Come on back, Red-Eyes!" 
 When Joey activates " Return of the Red-Eyes ", he announces "Return of the Red-Eyes calls back a normal monster!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Joey announces "When destroying Return of the Red-Eyes, I re-summon Red-Eyes!" 
 When Joey activates " Salamandra ", he announces "I activate my Equip Spell. Power 'em up Salamandra!" 
 When Joey activates " Skull Dice ", he announces "The Spell Card, Skull Dice!" 
 When Joey activates " Sogen ", he announces "This is the perfect field for my monsters! Sogen!" 
 When Joey activates " Trap Hole ", he announces "Hook Line and Sinker!" followed by "I activate my Trap Card, Trap Hole!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 (Voice lines found in game files but not currently not in game yet) 
 
 Monsters 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon ", he announces "Let's go Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon, burn 'em up!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Alternative Black Dragon resurrects my Red-Eyes!" 
 When Joey Summons " Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon ", he announces "Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Joey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon! Take 'em up!" 
 When Joey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "It ain't over! Take Red-Eyes Black Flare Dragon's effect!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Joey activates " Fairy Box ", he announces "The Continuous Spell, Fairy Box!" followed by "Can you find which hole the monster's hiding in?" 
 When Joey activates " Foolish Burial ", he announces "I'll use this to send a monster to the Graveyard!" followed by "The Spell Card, Foolish Burial!" 
 When Joey activates " Giant Trunade ", he announces "The Spell Card, Giant Trunade!" followed by "It returns all Spell and Trap on the field to our hands!" 
 When Joey activates " Inferno Fire Blast ", he announces "Red-Eyes, torch their Life Points!" followed by "Inferno Fire Blast!" 
 When Joey activates " Red-Eyes Burn ", he announces "Red-Eyes ain't going down for nothin'!" followed by "Red-Eyes Burn!" 
 When Joey activates " Roulette Spider ", he announces "I gotta take a gamble, but that ain't nothin' new for me!" followed by "The Quick-Play Spell, Roulette Spider!" 
 When Joey activates " Scapegoat ", he announces "I can always count on my sheep!" followed by "The Quick-Play Spell, Scapegoat!" 
 Trivia 
 He is the  Dark Side of Dimensions  (DSOD) counterpart of  Joey Wheeler (DM) . 
 Some of the cards for which Joey has card-specific dialogue, such as the majority of the  Red-Eyes  archetype, were not used in the anime or manga, and are references to his video game counterparts ( Legacy of the Duelist  and  Tag Force ) using those said cards. 
 Joey has the same dialogue when he Duels against  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Téa Gardner (DSOD) ,  Bakura Ryo (DSOD)  or  Duke Delvin (DM) :
 Winning: "Oh Yeah! I'm on my A Game! " followed by "In dueling, that is. Not in class!" 
 Losing: "Aww man! what a downer... " followed by "Maybe turnin' pro is gonna be a dream forever..." 
 Joey has the same dialogue when Duels against  Aigami  and  Sera :
 Winning: "Teleport on home! It's past your bedtime!" 
 Losing: "No... I can't lose now..."
 Joey still possesses the aforementioned dialogue for the said Legendary Duelists, even though he already has character-specific dialogue for Aigami. 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) , Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Aigami,  Yusei Fudo ,  Tetsu Trudge , and  Kite Tenjo  are the characters who have Summoning chants for Monster Cards that aren't  Synchro  or  Xyz . 
 Yami Yugi , Seto Kaiba (DM),  Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Odion ,  Mokuba Kaiba (DM) ,  Tristan Taylor (DM) , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton,  Alexis Rhodes ,  Dr. Vellian Crowler ,  Yubel , Syrus Truesdale,   Tyranno Hassleberry ,  Sartorius Kumar , Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Tetsu Trudge, and Rex Goodwin are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of the Duelist(s) themselves. 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Joey Wheeler (DM), Yugi Muto (DM),  Yami Marik , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Chazz Princeton, Yubel, Jaden/Yubel, and Yusei Fudo are the characters with the most cards that have a 3D animation cutscene. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki,  Jesse Anderson , Alexis Rhodes, Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo,  Luna ,  Antinomy .  Carly Carmine , and Yuma and Astral are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Lumis and Umbra , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD),  Scud , Jesse Anderson, Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo, Luna, Tetsu Trudge, Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Dark Signer Carly Carmine ,  Kalin Kessler , and Carly Carmine have additional character-specific dialogue that is generic, due to having the same dialogue when Dueling against certain Legendary Duelists. 
 The Legendary Duelists who, in descending order, share the same amount of card-specific dialogue with each other are:
 Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Zane Truesdale, and Syrus Truesdale 
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Leo and Bronk Stone 
 Akiza Izinski and Rex Goodwin 
 Alexis Rhodes, Dr. Vellian Crowler, and Kalin Kessler 
 Yami Yugi,  Ishizu Ishtar , and  Bastion Misawa 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and Sartorius Kumar 
 Mai Valentine  and Tetsu Trudge 
 The Paradox Brothers, Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Axel Brodie, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Antinomy 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) and Yubel 
 Yami Bakura  and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Maximillion Pegasus , and Mokuba Kaiba (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood , Yami Marik,  Espa Roba , Aigami, Sera, and  Prana 
 Téa Gardner (DM)  and  Mako Tsunami 
 While Legendary Duelists have their own theme music when a player Duels against them, some share the same theme music:
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mai Valentine, and Tristan Taylor (DM) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Yugi Muto (DM) 
 Weevil Underwood, Bandit Keith,  Rex Raptor , and  Bonz 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM), The Paradox Brothers, Espa Roba, and Lumis and Umbra 
 Yami Marik and Yami Bakura 
 Ishizu Ishtar and Odion 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), and Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jesse Anderson 
 Zane Truesdale, Aster Phoenix, Chazz Princeton, Syrus Truesdale, Tyranno Hassleberry, and  Axel Brodie 
 Leo and Luna 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler, Dark Signer Carly Carmine, and Rex Goodwin 
 Bronk Stone and  Tori Meadows 
 There are Legendary Duelists who have enhanced counterparts that appear during their unlock events:
 Bonz - Spooky Bonz 
 Zane Truesdale - Dark Zane 
 Tyranno Hassleberry - Ultimate Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar - Prophetic Sartorius 
 Prana - Transcendent Unknown Duelist 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Super Joey 
 Reginald Kastle - Raging Shark 
 Kite Tenjo - Number Hunter: Kite Tenjo 
 Antinomy - Determined Antinomy
 "Super Joey" is the shared name between the special event counterpart of Joey Wheeler (DM) and the enhanced counterpart of Joey Wheeler (DSOD). 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who share the same signature card, and 3D cutscene for the said card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Dark Magician  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) -  Dark Magician Girl  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Yami Yugi, Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Obelisk the Tormentor 
 Yami Yugi, Yami Marik -  The Winged Dragon of Ra 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes White Dragon  (including its  Dark Side of Dimensions  counterpart) 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Ultimate Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Rex Raptor, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Mako Tsunami, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  The Legendary Fisherman 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Espa Roba, Joey Wheeler (DSOD) -  Jinzo 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) -  Gandora the Dragon of Destruction ,  Silent Magician LV8 
 Jaden Yuki, Jaden/Yubel -  Elemental HERO Neos ,  Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Yubel, Jaden/Yubel -  Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate 3D animation cutscenes for their signature card:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician 
 Yami Yugi, Téa Gardner (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Seto Kaiba (DM), Mokuba Kaiba (DM), Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes B. Dragon 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who possess cards with 3D cutscenes that aren't preceded by a cut-in frame of the whole character:
 Yami Yugi, Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) - Jinzo 
 Joey Wheeler (DM), Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - The Legendary Fisherman 
 Yugi Muto (DM), Yugi Muto (DSOD) - Silent Magician LV8 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) -  Blue-Eyes Alternative White Dragon 
 Yubel -  Uria, Lord of Searing Flames ,  Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ,  Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Jaden/Yubel - Yubel 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who are alternate counterparts to each other:
 Seto Kaiba (DM) and Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DM) and Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DM) and Téa Gardner (DSOD 
 Yugi Muto (DM) and Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DM) and Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Tristan Taylor (DM) and  Tristan Taylor (DSOD) 
 Sera and Prana 
 Jaden Yuki and Jaden/Yubel 
 Kalin Kessler and Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine and Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 There are some Legendary Duelists who have alternate voice lines for specific Monster Cards:
 Mai Valentine -  Cyber Harpie Lady 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon,  Deep-Eyes White Dragon 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) - Blue-Eyes White Dragon 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) - Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) - Dark Magician Girl 
 Axel Brodie -  Maiden of the Aqua ,  Volcanic Doomfire 
 Carly Carmine -  Fortune Fairy Ann ,  Fortune Fairy Chee ,  Fortune Fairy En ,  Fortune Fairy Hikari ,  Fortune Fairy Hu ,  Fortune Fairy Swee 
 v e 
 Joey Wheeler  (Katsuya Jonouchi) pages Anime, manga, books 
 NAS anime 
 Toei anime 
 Manga 
 Movie Ani-Manga 
 Novel 
 Video games 
 Capsule Monster Coliseum 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (DSOD) 
 Duel Links (mind-controlled) 
 Duel Monsters  and  World Championship 
 Duel Terminal 
 The Duelists of the Roses 
 Dungeon Dice Monsters 
 The Falsebound Kingdom 
 Forbidden Memories 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Millennium Duels 
 Monster Capsule: Breed & Battle 
 Nightmare Troubadour 
 Power of Chaos 
 Saikyo Card Battle 
 Tag Force 
 The Dawn of Destiny 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/06/JoeyWheelerDSOD-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/317?cb=20200216033418', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/Profile-DULI-JoeyWheelerDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20200410220806', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Icon-DULI-JoeyWheelerDSOD.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524133528', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ab/Icon-DULI-JoeyWheelerDSOD2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200524134615', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/CutIn-DULI-JoeyWheelerDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200410220832', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6e/Summoning-DULI-JoeyWheelerDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200220091806', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ee/Defeat-DULI-JoeyWheelerDSOD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200220091711', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Joey Wheeler pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters