Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_082


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 082 
 
 
 
 
 " Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder " clashes with " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon ". 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 究 極 の 隼 VS 黒羽 の 雷 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Kyūkyoku no Hayabusa Bāsasu Kurohane no Ikazuchi 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Ultimate Falcon VS The Black-Feathered Thunder 
 
 
 English 
 Warriors of the Air 
 
 
 Number 
 082 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 November 15, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 9, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 February 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Trump Card " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Speaking " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Battle Birds " 
 " A Matter of Trust " 
 
 
 
 

" Warriors of the Air " known as " The Ultimate Falcon VS The Black-Feathered Thunder " in the Japanese version, is the eighty-second episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on November 15, 2015 and in Australia on November 9, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on February 14, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US on January 2018.
 The second round of the  Friendship Cup . The clash between  Crow  and  Shay  reaches an all new level of excitement. However, facing Crow with his  ace monster   Special Summoned  by his resurrected " Phantom Synchro " technique, Shay suddenly calls out for the Duel to be cancelled. Crow ignores Shay's pleas and insists on with the Duel. What actually happened before Shay's eyes?
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian vs. Crow Hogan 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 
 
 Summary 
       Crow  Special Summons two " Vague Shadow Tokens ".     
 Crow  and  Shay  continue around the circuit; the score standing with Crow on 2700  LP  and with no cards on his field, while Shay has 2100 LP and controls the 1000  ATK  " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ".  Melissa Trail  narrates that Crow has no cards on his field and she asks what he will do now. Crow claims that he's just getting started. Shay tells Crow to hurry up and come at him; Shay has many other enemies he has to defeat. Crow angrily tells Shay to quit underestimating the bonds of the  Commons , declares his turn and draws. (In the dub, Crow replies that there's a problem with Shay's statement; Crow isn't losing, and he sarcastically wishes Shay good luck as he draws.) They pass under the overpass where  Zuzu ,  Frank ,  Amanda  and  Tarren  are cheering Crow on. Tarren laments that Crow can't hear them and he climbs up to lean on the railing. Zuzu grabs him around the waist, protesting that it's dangerous. (In the dub, she warns Tarren that he can't fly.) Shay accelerates past Crow and he states that if Crow won't come at him, then Shay will bring the fight to Crow. Shay speeds forwards and moves to pick up an  Action Card . Crow yells that he won't let Shay, and he explains that when he controls no monsters he can  Special Summon  the  Tuner monster  " Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow " from his hand. "Gofu" appears on the field surrounded in a whirlwind, which blasts the Action Card away from Shay's hand. Crow explains that when "Gofu the Vague Shadow" is Special Summoned it Special Summons two " Vague Shadow Tokens " in  Attack Position . Twin bird-shaped specters appear with 0 ATK. 
 
       Crow  explains that  Commons  can't use tons of  ace monsters .     
 Crow states that everything is set and he  tunes  the  Level 5  "Gofu" with the two  Level 1  "Vague Shadow Tokens". Crow explains that when he  Synchro Summons  using "Gofu the Vague Shadow" as Synchro Material he Synchro Summons from his  Graveyard  rather than his  Extra Deck , a detail that shocks Shay. (In the dub, he is less shocked and more irritated.) Crow  chants  "Spread your jet-black wings and soar in tandem with the rising thunder! Slash apart the lightning!  Phantom Synchro ! Cascade!  Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower !" (He does not call it a Phantom Synchro in the dub. Also in the dub: "Watch as my monsters unite to fight! I Synchro Summon! Return to the fray, Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower!") Melissa is shocked that Crow could Synchro Summon from the Graveyard and revive his  ace monster . Crow explains that unlike the  Topsiders  the Commons can't put tons of ace monsters into their Extra Decks, and that's why they won't let their monsters die so easily. The Commons all watch on the TV as Crow states that each of the Commons have lived each day treasuring each and every one of them. (In the dub, Crow simply compares the Commons to "Raikiri", they'll keep getting back up again.) Shay retorts that no matter how many times Crow revives "Raikiri" Shay will just knock it back to the Graveyard again, and he states that he's escaped death just as many times as Crow has. (In the dub, Shay snaps that none of Crow's speeches will help him.)
 
       Yuya  refuses to believe that  Sora  isn't his friend.     
 Yuya  and  Jean-Michel Roget  watch the Duel in his office, and Roget asks Yuya if he will not work with Roget. Yuya states that he won't and tries to explain, (In the dub, Yuya is less hesitant) but Roget interrupts and he asks why not; isn't the objective of the  Lancers  to cooperate with  New Domino City  and work together to fight off  Duel Academy  to end this dimensional war? Yuya admits that it is, and Roget interrupts again, claiming that right now New Domino City's  High Council  is not taking action. Yuya protests that that was because of Roget, and Roget replies that the reason that he took those aggressive measures is because there was no time to waste; Duel Academy is already making their move. Yuya remains silent and Roget reminds him that  Dennis McField  is already back at Duel Academy, and Yuya remembers with a gasp that  Sora  had sent Dennis back to Duel Academy to keep him away from  Celina . He realizes that Zuzu and Celina are in danger, and Roget states that this is proof that Sora and Dennis are working together. Yuya protests that Sora is his friend, but Roget cuts him off again and insists that Sora is not Yuya's friend. (In the dub, Roget notes that Dennis was Yuya's friend too.) Sora is from Duel Academy; he was trained to never disobey the orders of  the Professor . (In the dub, Roget talks about Sora and Dennis.)
 Meanwhile Sora reaches the room where he left Zuzu, but she's already gone. He wonders where she went and admits that he shouldn't have taken his eyes off her. Sora spies on the large number of  Sector Security  officers from the window and wonders if they are looking for Zuzu because she lost in the  tournament . 
 Crow and Shay speed along the highway, but his grin fades when he sees the kids standing in the overpass with Zuzu waving to him, and Crow protests that it's dangerous up there. The kids cheer Crow's name and Tarren boosts himself up again. Zuzu warns him not to fall. (In the dub, she snaps, "No climbing!") Crow and Shay, along with "Raikiri" and "Blaze Falcon" pass under the overpass, creating powerful gusts of wind that buffet Zuzu and the kids.
 In Roget's office, Yuya sees Zuzu, Frank and Amanda on the overpass and he gasps in shock as he wonders why she is there. (In the dub, he's pleased to see that she's all right.)
 
         Shay  tells  Crow  to stop the Duel.     
 Crow begins to activate the effect of "Raikiri", but Shay suddenly yells at Crow to stop now; this Duel is over. (In the dub, Shay is far more shocked than desperate; calling for time-out and telling Crow that they need to put the brakes on the Duel.) Crow tells Shay to shut up and he asks if Shay thinks that Crow will quit now. (In the dub, Crow replies that's he's fine with Shay quitting, though Crow won't.) He activates the effect of "Raikiri" to destroy a number of cards on the field equal to the number of "Blackwing" monsters he controls. "Raikiri" slashes through the air and blasts a gale at "Blaze Falcon". Shay activates a  Counter Trap Card , " Raidraptor - Reversal " to prevent the destruction of a " Raidraptor " monster he controls and then draw a card. (In the dub, before he activates the card, and desperately wonders why Crow won't listen.) The winds bounce harmlessly off an invisible shield and Crow grits his teeth. Frank laments the failure, admitting that Crow tried to end the Duel too quickly. Amanda looks to the side and she sees that Tarren is missing. She asks where he went, and Zuzu is surprised to see that Tarren is gone. Amanda suggests that he might have gone to the bathroom. (In the dub, she suggests that he may have gone to find some doughnuts.) 
 In Roget's office Roget tells Yuya that if he wants to protect Zuzu Boyle and Celina he should work with Roget and Roget will take responsibility for their safety. Yuya is surprised by the statement, and Roget clarifies that if they have the two of them in their custody then Duel Academy won't be able to do a thing. (In the dub, Yuya immediately realizes that Roget intends to lock the girls away, Roget clarifies that it is meant as a precaution; Yuya has his word that they will be well taken care of.) Yuya protests at the prospect of Roget using Zuzu and Celina like that, and Roget replies that it's no different from what  Declan Akaba  was going to do; he added Celina to the Lancers fully aware that she was from Duel Academy in order to use her as a bargaining chip against his enemies. (There is no mention of Declan in the dub; Yuya instead refuses to trust Roget, claiming that his word is worthless for locking them up without provocation; Roget explains that he was making sure that they were not aggressors and claims that he regrets his actions.) Yuya clenches his fist, retorting that he doesn't plan on making that kind of deal with Duel Academy and vowing that he will stop this dimensional war with his Dueling. (In the dub, rather than deny a deal with Duel Academy, Yuya protests that the Lancers simply wanted to help New Domino.) Roget states that he also believes that having Yuya move forward with his beliefs is the best solution. There would be no better outcome then for Yuya to guide this world to peace. (In the dub, he also reiterates that there is little time; Yuya must trust him.)
 
         Shay  prepares to use the effect of " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ".     
 Crow tells Shay that if he wants to quit then he can go ahead and do so on his own; Crow is going to finish this. (This is simply replaced in the dub with an extended declaration of the activation of "Sky Excalibur".) Crow equips "Raikiri" with the  Equip Spell Card  " Sky Excalibur " to increase the ATK of "Raikiri" by 400, to 3000. Shay begs Crow to stop and just listen to him (in the dub, he also begs Crow not to attack), but Crow tells him to shut up again and declares his  Battle Phase . "Raikiri the Rain Shower" attacks "Blaze Falcon" and destroys it, reducing Shay to 100 LP. Melissa cheers that Shay's LP has been cut down in an instant and the revived ace is putting in work. Shay scoffs and states that he'll stop Crow by force in that case. Shay activates the  Quick-Play Spell Card  " Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force ", Special Summoning the destroyed "Blaze Falcon" and  Ranking-Up  "Blaze Falcon" into a "Raidraptor" that is one  Rank  higher. "Blaze Falcon" is Special Summoned and enters the  Overlay Network  and Shay chants, "Proud falcon. Spread your wings dyed in the blood of heroes. Advance along the path of revolution!  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution ! Appear now!  Rank 6 !  Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ! ((Dub) "Fiercest falcon, set your wings ablaze and lock your gaze on our ill-fated foe! Now, make it so! Go, Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Emerge,  Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon !")" Melissa narrates that in response to Crow reviving his monster, Shay answers back by reviving and Ranking-Up his own. (In the dub, Melissa does not speak; Shay states that if Crow won't listen, then he'll have to end this Duel before things get any worse.) Shay explains that when "Revolution Falcon" is Ranked-Up using a "Raidraptor"  Xyz Monster  as  Xyz Material  it can destroy a Special Summoned monster his opponent controls and deal damage equal to half its ATK. "Revolution Falcon" blasts several gusts of wind from its beak and Shay accelerates forwards. But Crow reveals that the monster that is equipped with "Sky Excalibur" is unaffected by card effects, and the gusts ricochet off "Raikiri" harmlessly. 
 
         Tarren  hanging from " Raikiri's " back.     
 Shay catches up to Crow and he angrily asks Crow why he doesn't get it, and Shay looks up. (In the dub, he tells him to stop the Duel before it's too late.) Crow does too – and to his sheer shock he sees Tarren hanging from "Raikiri's" back. Melissa Claire has finally noticed Tarren from her vantage point as well and she cries out that there is child clinging to "Raikiri's" back. Frank, Zuzu and Amanda all gasp in shock and Frank boosts up onto the railing himself asking what Tarren is doing there. (In the dub, Frank immediately realizes that Tarren fell.) Tarren cries that he's slipping (in the dub, he asks for a parachute). Melissa wonders what to do; they can't stop the  Duel Runners  since they're on autopilot during the Duel. Crow screams at Tarren and asks him what he's doing before calling him an idiot. He tells him that he'll try and let him down to where Frank and the others are, so just hang on. But Tarren is immediately dislodged and he grabs onto the tassels of "Raikiri's" tunic. Crow begs Tarren to hold on a bit longer. Zuzu steadies Frank on the railing and Frank vows that he'll definitely catch him. But Tarren cries that he can't hold on any longer and loses his grip on "Raikiri". Crow screams Tarren's name in horror as the Commons boy tumbles through the air…
 
         Shay  saves  Tarren .     
 …and into the waiting grasp of Shay, who catches him while standing on top of "Revolution Falcon". Tarren asks why Shay saved him, and Shay solemnly begins, "I too…" (In the dub, Tarren yelps that he thought that he was a goner, and Shay reassures him that he isn't this time.) He flies Tarren up to Zuzu and the others and tosses him to Zuzu and Frank without a word. (In the dub, as they wait, Frank warns Tarren that Crow will ground him for a week, and Amanda notes that it's probably better than all the flying around that he just did.) Tarren waves to Shay and thanks him (in the dub, he also says that was fun) as Shay lifts off, "Revolution Falcon" backflipping under the bridge. Zuzu whispers Shay's name. (In the dub, she tells him that that was amazing.) Shay leaps from "Revolution Falcon" and he lands on his Duel Runner; still travelling under autopilot. Yuya and Roget both watch intently; Yuya in shock that Shay did something like that, (in the dub, Yuya is in disbelief that Shay was able to save Tarren, not that he chose to) and Roget in pleasure; he has finally noticed Zuzu standing on the overpass. Tarren explains that Shay said that there were children that would cheer for Shay too. Frank and Amanda are surprised that Shay had something like that, and Zuzu murmurs Shay's name. Tarren suggests that Shay may be a lot like Crow as Shay catches up to Crow. He suggests that Shay may look scary but doesn't actually hate kids like them. (No mention is made of children cheering for Shay in the dub, though Zuzu and the kids admit that they may have been wrong about Shay.)
 
         Shay  and  Crow  fistbump.     
 Crow comments that Shay noticed Tarren from the start, didn't he? That was why he was trying to stop the Duel. He thanks Shay, and Shay thanks Crow as well. Seeing Crow reminded Shay of what he was fighting for. For the children of  his homeland , Shay will eradicate his enemies. (In the dub, Shay instead tells Crow that there's no need to thank him; he did what needed to be done, just as he will to defeat Duel Academy.) Crow is surprised, and he deduces that Shay has things that he needs to protect too. He muses that Shay's enemy, Duel Academy, is ridiculously huge isn't it? (In the dub, Crow merely talks about Shay's attempts to take down Duel Academy.) Shay smiles and lightly retorts that Crow is also fighting a huge enemy; the Topsiders. Crow agrees and remarks that it looks like they're two peas in a pod. Shay agrees. Crow ends his turn, and he raises his fist and tells Shay that he'll need him to go all out. Shay clenches his fist in response and replies that he doesn't need Crow to tell him that before they fistbump. Yuya smiles in Roget's office, thinking, "Those guys…" (Yuya's reaction is cut from the dub.)
 As Shay and Crow continue down the highway, Melissa states that they are on fire after saving a child hanging from a monster, and she's certain that the Duel is only going to get hotter from here on. Shay declares his turn and draws. He activates " Rank-Up-Magic Skip Force " to Rank-Up "Revolution Falcon" and Xyz Summon a "Raidraptor" monster that is two Ranks higher. Melissa is shocked at the prospect of a double Rank-Up, and Crow praises Shay, calling it expected of a war veteran from a Dueling battlefield. (In the dub, Crow notes that Shay doesn't mess around when he Ranks-Up a monster.) Shay chants, "Dauntless falcon. Ignite the flames of wrath and become an earth-scorching light! Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Soar!  Rank 8 !  Raidraptor - Satellite  Cannon Falcon ! ((Dub) "When you've seen as much real combat as I have, you learn one thing: If you wanna stay in the game, you have to keep pushing to the edge! Go, Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! You're clear for take-off,  Raidraptor - Satellite Cannon Falcon !")" Melissa states that both players are tied with 3000 ATK and Crow notes that while the ATK is tied he wonders how long that will last. (In the dub, Crow thinks that Shay is good, but not good enough.) Shay states that he isn't done yet and he explains that he can send " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force " from his hand to his Graveyard to add a " Rank-Up-Magic " from his Graveyard to this hand. He returns "Skip Force" to his hand and subsequently activates it again to Rank-Up "Satellite Cannon Falcon" and Xyz Summon a "Raidraptor" two Ranks higher. Shay overlays "Satellite Cannon Falcon" and he chants, "Falcon of ultimate creation. Fly to victorious heights with the wills of your fallen friends! Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Appear now!  Rank 10 !  Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon ! ((Dub) "You've seen my Blaze, Revolution and Satellite Falcons, but now you're going to witness the next evolutionary step in in my aerial arsenal! Go! Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Rise up!  Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon !")" 
 
         " Ultimate Falcon " attacks.     
 "Ultimate Falcon" appears with 3500 ATK; finally, as Melissa notes, surpassing the ATK of "Raikiri". Melissa calls it an amazing showdown of Synchro vs. Xyz. (Melissa's words are cut from the dub.) Shay activates the effect of "Ultimate Falcon", detaching an  Overlay Unit  to negate the effects of all cards Crow controls this turn and further decrease the ATK of all monsters Crow controls. The ATK of "Raikiri" falls from 3000 to 2600 and then to 1600. Shay declares his Battle Phase and orders "Ultimate Falcon" to attack "Raikiri" with "Broadside Barrage". "Ultimate Falcon" generates a giant black hole and blasts it at "Raikiri", destroying it and reducing Crow to 800 LP. Crow, Shay and "Ultimate Falcon" pass under Zuzu and the kids, who race to the other side of the overpass; Tarren praising Shay and Frank telling Crow that he can still win. (In the dub, the kids simply praise the Duel.) Crow explains that since "Raikiri" was Summoned using "Gofu the Vague Shadow" as Synchro Material it is sent to the Extra Deck instead of the Graveyard. (He does not mention "Gofu" being the factor in returning "Raikiri" to the Extra Deck in the dub.) Shay explains that if "Ultimate Falcon" was Xyz Summoned using a "Raidraptor" monster as Xyz Material, then during the  End Phase  of the turn it was Summoned it can lower the ATK of all monsters Crow controls by 1000, but if they control no monsters then they take 1000 damage. Melissa notes that if this goes through Crow's life will run out. Crow activates the effect of "Sky Excalibur" since it was sent to the Graveyard, Special Summoning a  Winged Beast  Tuner monster from his Graveyard and he Special Summons " Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall ", who is reduced to zero ATK by the effect of "Ultimate Falcon". Shay ends his turn. Melissa states that Crow somehow managed to hold on, but his last-second Special Summoned monster had its ATK lowered by 1000 to zero. Yuya and Roget watch as Melissa explains that Crow has no cards in his  Spell & Trap Zone  and Crow's hand is empty; everything will be decided with the next draw. Tarren cries that they believe in Crow. (Tarren's words are cut from the dub.)
 
         Crow  draws " Bora the Spear ".     
 Crow declares his turn and he draws. He holds the card up to his visor – " Blackwing - Bora the Spear " and he declares that it's here. He explains that since he controls a " Blackwing " monster he can Special Summon "Bora the Spear" from his hand. Crow tunes the Level 1 "Oroshi" with the  Level 4  "Bora" and chants "Jet-black whirlwind! Become a wind binding the bonds of your comrades. Synchro Summon! Take flight!  Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm ! ((Dub) "I Synchro Summon Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm!")" Crow reminds Shay that when "Sohaya" is Synchro Summoned, he can Special Summon an " Assault Blackwing " from his Graveyard, and he revives " Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider ". Crow adds that in addition since "Sohaya" was Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Synchro Material it is treated as a Tuner monster. He tunes the Level 5 "Sohaya" with the  Level 2  "Sayo" and chants "Synchro Summon! Cascade! Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower! (Dub: "I Synchro Summon Assault Blackwing - Raikiri The Rain Shower!")" Melissa cheers that Crow's ace monster "Raikiri the Rain Shower" is back again. Crow activates the effect of "Raikiri" to destroy a card Shay controls for each "Blackwing" monster he controls and targets "Ultimate Falcon". "Raikiri" swings its sword to send another gust at "Ultimate Falcon" but Shay comments that if that's Crow's goal then it's too bad, since "Ultimate Falcon" is unaffected by his opponent's card effects. Crow comments that he figured since Shay didn't go for an Action Card. (Dub Crow comments that it's no biggie, since just like the Commons, his "Blackwings" can call upon their friends.) Shay catches up to Crow and asks what he will do. Crow tells Shay to just watch, and he activates the effect of "Sohaya" from his Graveyard, banishing it to Special Summon the other copy. 
 
         " Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder " is Synchro Summoned.     
 Crow then explains that "Raikiri" can also be treated as a Tuner monster since it was Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster as Synchro Material, and he tunes the  Level 7  "Raikiri" with the Level 5 "Sohaya". Crow chants "Jet-black wings, wield the power of thunder and resonate through the skies!  Synchro Summon! Cut them down!  Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder !("Get ready to feast your eyes on a thundering display of power that will have you shaking in your Duel Disk! I Synchro Summon Assault Blackwing - Onimaru The Divine Thunder!" in the dub.)" The 3000 ATK monster that appears is  Level 12  – the highest  Level  of  Synchro Monsters  as Melissa Claire notes. With three Synchro Summons this turn Crow has Summoned a Level 12 Synchro Monster that trumps even "Raikiri the Rain Shower". Crow declares his Battle Phase and attacks "Ultimate Falcon" with "Onimaru". He explains that when "Onimaru" attacks its ATK increases by 1000 for every Synchro Summon performed that turn. Yellow light in the shape of a crow covers "Onimaru" and it zigzags into the sky as it rises to 6000 ATK. Crow tells "Onimaru" to finish it and Shay to take the power of the bonds of the Commons and he declares "Thundering Thrash!" The attack bifurcates "Ultimate Falcon" and destroys it, sending a shard flying and embedding into a poster of  Jack Atlas  before dissolving. Shay closes his eyes and he smiles as his LP falls to zero.
 
         Shay  and  Crow  recognize one another as comrades.     
 Melissa cheers that Crow is the winner and the kids and the Commons cheer. Celina and  Yugo  – the only quarter-finalists who have yet to Duel – watch silently, as do Declan,  Riley  and the High Council. Melissa's helicopter returns to the  Duel Palace  and announces the triumphant return of the winner, Crow, asking everyone for their applause. Confetti showers Crow as he cheers, and one of the Commons in the crowd cries that he can't just watch this; he wants to join in too. (In the dub, the Common claims that if Crow can overcome the odds like that, then all of the Commons can.) Jack meanwhile looks at the tear in his poster and smiles proudly. Crow laughs until he notices Shay standing in the middle of the Duel Palace, and he drives over to him and removes his helmet. Shay vows that he'll definitely climb back up and eradicate his enemies, and he tells Crow to make sure that he does the same. Crow agrees that he will and Shay turns to leave. Crow calls out to Shay and he tells Shay that he's his comrade as well, holding out his fist. (In the dub, he says, "Stay strong, my friend".) Shay turns and smiles, holding out his fist as well. 
 Yuya watches the comradery between Shay and Crow happily, and he finally makes up his mind. (In the dub, he thinks that he's with them all the way before telling Roget that he'll never join him.) He begins to tell Roget that he won't help him, but Roget immediately orders Sector Security to apprehend Zuzu on the course. Yuya yells at Roget to stop and runs forwards to grab his arm, protesting that he won't let Roget do that. The two Sector Security officers enter the room and they drag Yuya away. (In the dub, as the enter, Roget orders Yuya to unhand him.) Yuya yells that he won't let Roget have Zuzu, nor will Sora betray Zuzu to Duel Academy. Sora, Zuzu and Yuya are friends and Yuya believes in his friends. (Yuya does not mention Sora in the dub, instead he calls Roget a snake and yells that he knew that he couldn't trust him, warning Roget that he'll have to answer to Yuya if Roget harms his friends.) The door closes and Roget asks if that means that Yuya does not believe in Roget, admitting that it's such a pity. (In the dub, he admits that it's a pity that Yuya rejected Roget's offer of friendship.)
 Meanwhile Sora runs through the streets, thinking that he has to find Zuzu fast, while Yuya is thrown into a cell. (In the dub, the officers tell him to enjoy his stay.)
 
 Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian vs. Crow Hogan 
 Duel continues from the previous episode . 
 Turn 5: Crow  
As he  controls  no  monsters ,  Crow   Special Summons  " Blackwing - Gofu the Vague Shadow " (0/0) from his  hand  in  Attack Position  via its own  effect . As it was Special Summoned, its effect  activates , letting Crow Special Summon two " Vague Shadow Token " (0/0 each) in Attack Position. Crow  tunes  the two Level 1 "Vague Shadow Token" with the Level 5  Tuner monster  "Gofu" to  Phantom Synchro  " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower " (2600/2000) from his  Graveyard  in Attack Position. Crow activates the effect of "Raikiri", letting him  destroy  a number of his opponent's cards per  turn  equal to the number of " Blackwing " monsters he controls. He controls 1, so he  targets  " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ", but Shay activates his  face-down  " Raidraptor - Reversal " as his opponent is activating a card that would destroy a card while he controls a " Raidraptor " monster, letting him  negate  the effect and  draw a card . Crow  equips  "Raikiri" with " Sky Excalibur ", increasing its  ATK  by 400 (2600 → 3000). "Raikiri"  attacks  and destroys "Blaze Falcon" (Shay 2100 → 100). Shay activates his face-down " Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force ", letting him target and Special Summon an  Xyz Monster  that was  destroyed by battle  this turn, then  Rank-Up  that monster into a "Raidraptor" monster that is 1  Rank  higher. He Special Summons "Blaze Falcon" (1000/2000) and then performs a  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution  to  Xyz Summon  " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon " (2000/3000) in Attack Position. As it was Xyz Summoned using a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster as Xyz Material, the effect of "Revolution Falcon" activates, letting Shay target a Special Summoned monster his opponent controls, destroy it and inflict  damage  to his opponent equal to half its ATK, but the effect of "Sky Excalibur" prevents "Raikiri" from being affected by card effects.
 Turn 6: Shay  
Shay draws and activates " Rank-Up-Magic Skip Force ", letting him Rank-Up an Xyz Monster into a "Raidraptor" monster that is 2 Ranks higher. He Ranks Up "Revolution Falcon" and performs a Rank-Up Xyz Evolution to Xyz Summon " Raidraptor - Satellite Cannon Falcon " (3000/2000) in Attack Position. Shay  sends  the " Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force " in his hand to the Graveyard via its own effect to  add  a " Rank-Up-Magic "  Spell Card  from his Graveyard to his hand. He adds and subsequently activates "Skip Force", Ranking-Up "Satellite Cannon Falcon" and performing a Rank-Up Xyz Evolution to Xyz Summon " Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon " (3500/2000) in Attack Position. Shay activates the effect of "Ultimate Falcon",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to negate the effects of all face-up cards his opponent controls until the end of this turn and reduce the ATK of all monsters his opponent controls by 1000 ("Raikiri" 3000 → 1600). "Ultimate Falcon" attacks and destroys "Raikiri" (Crow 2700 → 800), with "Raikiri" being sent to the  Extra Deck  via the effect of "Gofu". The effect of the equipped "Sky Excalibur" activates as it was sent to the Graveyard, letting Crow target and Special Summon a  Winged Beast - Type  Tuner monster in his Graveyard. He Special Summons " Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall " (400/600) in Attack Position. During the  End Phase , the effect of "Ultimate Falcon" activates as it was Xyz Summoned this turn by using a "Raidraptor" Xyz Monster, reducing the ATK of an opponent's monster by 1000 ("Oroshi" 400 → 0).
 Turn 7: Crow  
Crow draws " Blackwing - Bora the Spear ". As Crow controls a "Blackwing" monster other than "Bora the Spear", he Special Summons "Bora" (1700/800) from his hand in Attack Position via its own effect. Crow tunes the Level 4 "Bora" with the Level 1 Tuner monster "Oroshi" to Synchro Summon " Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm " (1500/2000) in Attack Position. As it was Synchro Summoned, its effect activates, letting Crow target an " Assault Blackwing " monster in his Graveyard and Special Summon it. He Special Summons " Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider " (800/100) in Attack Position. As "Sohaya" was Synchro Summoned by using a "Blackwing" monster, its effect treats it as a Tuner monster. Crow tunes the Level 5 Tuner monster "Sohaya" with the Level 2 "Sayo" to Synchro Summon "Raikiri" (2600/2000) in Attack Position. Crow activates the effect of "Raikiri", targeting "Ultimate Falcon", but "Ultimate Falcon" is unaffected by card effects. As it was sent to the Graveyard this turn, Crow activates the effect of "Sohaya" letting him  banish  another copy of "Sohaya" from his Graveyard to Special Summon this copy. He Special Summons "Sohaya" (1500/2000) in Attack Position. As "Raikiri" was Synchro Summoned using a "Blackwing" monster, its effect treats it as a Tuner monster. Crow tunes the Level 5 "Sohaya" with the Level 7 Tuner monster "Raikiri" to Synchro Summon " Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder " (3000/2000) in Attack Position. "Onimaru" attacks "Ultimate Falcon", with the effect of "Onimaru" activating as it is  declaring  an attack, increasing its ATK by the number of times Crow Synchro Summoned this turn times 1000 ("Onimaru" 3000 → 6000). "Ultimate Falcon" is destroyed (Shay 100 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Shay Obsidian Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Satellite Cannon Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Ultimate Falcon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Rank-Up-Magic Raid Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Raptor's Force 
 Rank-Up-Magic Skip Force 
 Traps 
 Raidraptor - Reversal 
 
 Crow Hogan Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Blackwing - Bora the Spear 
 Tuner monsters 
 Blackwing - Ghostly the Vague Shadow 
 Blackwing - Oroshi the Squall Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Assault Blackwing - Onimaru the Divine Thunder 
 Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower 
 Assault Blackwing - Sayo the Rain Hider 
 Assault Blackwing - Sohaya the Rain Storm  x2 Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Sky Excalibur 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Combattants des airs
 
 
  Italian 
 Guerrieri dell'Aria
 
 
  Thai 
 สุดยอดแห่งเหยี่ยวปะทะสายฟ้าขนดำ
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ea/ArcV_082.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151115140103', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/70/VagueShadowTokens.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401151812', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/CommonsDon%27tHaveManyAceMonsters.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401151901', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cf/SoraIsMyFriend.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401151932', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ce/ShayStopTheDuel.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401151951', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/26/Shay_and_Revolution_Falcon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151115135356', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4b/TannerOnRaikiri.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401152017', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5b/ShaySavesTanner.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401152041', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/CrowShayFistBump.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401152108', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/91/UltimateFalconAttack.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401152146', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e1/CrowDrawsBora.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401152148', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/AssaultBlackwingOnimarutheDivineThunder-JP-Anime-AV-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151115135316', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/5c/CrowShayFriends.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160401152231', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes