Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Reiji_(Manga).png

For other versions of this character, see  Declan Akaba (disambiguation) .      
 
 
 Declan Akaba 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Names 
 
 English  
 Declan Akaba 
 
 
 Japanese translated 
 Reiji Akaba 
 
 
 Nicknames 
 Dec lame (by  Roget , dub only) 
 
 
 Japanese   
 赤 馬   零 児 赤馬 零児 あかば れいじ Rōmaji: ( Akaba Reiji ) 
 
 
 Korean   
 레이 KRR: Rei Translated:  Rei 
 
 
 French   
 Declan Akaba [1] 
 
 
 German   
 Declan Akaba 
 
 
 
 Personal 
 
 Age 
 16  [2] 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 Relatives 
 Leo Akaba  (father) [3] Henrietta Akaba  (mother) [4] Riley Akaba  (adopted younger sister) [5] [6] Ray Akaba  (older half sister) 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Occupation 
 CEO of Leo Corporation 
 
 
 Organization 
 Leo Corporation Lancers 
 
 
 
 Duelist 
 
 Anime Deck 
 D/D 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 
 
 
 Voice actors 
 
 English  
 Billy Bob Thompson 
 
 
 Japanese  
 Yoshimasa Hosoya [2] 
 
 
 German  
 Tim Knauer [7] 
 
 
 Italian  
 Alessandro Capra 
 
 
 Tagalog  
 Pipooh Villavicencio 
 
 
 
 Declan Akaba , known as  Reiji Akaba  ( 赤 馬   零 児   Akaba Reiji ) in the Japanese version, is one of the main characters and the tritagonist in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. He is the second CEO of the huge  Leo Corporation . In promotional materials for ARC-V, it was stated that Declan is the youngest Duelist in history to be certified to Duel in the professional circuit, having done so at age 15. [2] 
 Declan functions as  Yuya Sakaki 's primary rival, despite their alliance, at first due to his capability to  Pendulum Summon , and later due to his questionable methods for resolving the  Interdimensional Domination  campaign. While Declan notes that Yuya has surpassed  LID 's top team, he still does not consider Yuya to be on equal standings with him. Despite his early introduction into the series, Declan's name was not mentioned on-screen until  episode 8 . He is the founder of the  Lancers , an organization dedicated to fighting against invaders from  other dimensions .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Etymology 
 1.4   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Pre-Arc League Championship 
 2.3   Arc League Championship 
 2.4   Friendship Cup 
 2.5   Friendship Cup Finals 
 2.6   Heartland City 
 2.7   Duel Academy 
 
 
 3   Other appearances 
 4   Relationships 
 
 4.1   Riley Akaba 
 4.2   Leo Akaba 
 4.3   Shay Obsidian 
 4.4   Celina 
 4.5   Yuya Sakaki 
 4.6   Yusho Sakaki 
 
 
 5   Deck 
 6   Duels 
 7   Trivia 
 8   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
   Declan's usual outfit.   A young Declan. 1/2 
 Declan is a thin young man with pale skin and grey hair, the front layer being a lighter grey than the back. His hair is arranged in a simple style, flicking upwards at the ends. Declan's eyes are purple, and he wears red-framed spectacles. His ears are both pierced with black stud earrings. Despite his status as the CEO of the  Leo Corporation , Declan dresses rather casually, wearing a dark-blue sweater, white pants that end just above his ankles, and white shoes (apparently without any socks beneath them), along with a long red scarf wrapped around his shoulders with the ends trailing to the small of his back. This also breaks the tradition of primary rivals wearing trench coats or jackets. When he was monitoring the  You Show Duel School  in person, he concealed his identity beneath a large hooded red/gray sweatshirt.
 He dressed much the same as a youth three years previously, but did not wear a scarf nor have his ears pierced, and he wore a darker blue sweater with a zig-zag pattern on the chest. All of the members of the Akaba family have a slight card suit motif; Declan's is the diamond and the most clearly displayed; his Deck is the " D/D " archetype, his layered bangs are notably in the distinct shape of diamonds, his earrings are diamond-shaped, the symbol of the Lancers has a diamond shape in the background, his sweater as a child was patterned with diamonds, and by pure coincidence, his first name in the dub begins with the letter "D".
 
 Personality 
 In general, Declan has a grim and serious demeanor, but he takes an interest in  Yuya Sakaki . He is utterly polite without fail, save rare moments of a loss in composure. Unlike other primary rivals from the previous series Declan is calm and collected, and is shown to be extremely level-headed and strong-willed. Despite his advanced skills, he is not overly arrogant, merely truthful; he takes winning for granted and does not care for other Duelists, though this changes after meeting Yuya. [8]  He is quite respectful to Yuya's father  Yusho Sakaki  due to his history with  Leo Akaba , fiercely defending him when he was insulted in a rare moment of emotion. While he does not consider empathy as beneficial on the battlefield, he does seem to enjoy himself while Dueling, and even requested Yuya to demonstrate Yusho's  Dueltaining . He was shown to smile when Yuya exerted his full strength. He later admits that while Yuya's feelings gave birth to a great power, this is not always the case and emotions can still cost one on the battlefield.
 Despite his declared rivalry with Yuya Sakaki, Declan does not show any open dislike for him, and in fact defended him from false accusations of attacking  Leo Corporation  employees and later remained confident that Yuya wouldn't be foolish enough to cooperate with  Jean-Michel Roget ; this demonstrates that he may hold a degree of respect for Yuya. Declan has also mentioned that he does not care very much for his father, Leo Akaba, and he demonstrates an intense dislike of his father's ambitions, given the suffering that they have caused. Declan is also pragmatic without regard for the actions of potential allies, offering an alliance to  Shay  and  Celina  despite their attacks on his students, and to  Sora Perse  after Sora renounced Duel Academy, but doesn't extend similar offers to people with ulterior motives like Jean-Michel Roget.
 He is shown to be highly analytical and a skilled strategist, and claims he only plays games that he knows that he can win. He used the  Arc League Championship  as a test to recruit  Lancers , and came up with a plan to fend off the  Fusion Dimension   invasion  within only a day. He can show a less moral side when executing his plans, as he had no problem allowing many  Duelists  to be sealed in cards during the  Battle Royal  and only cared about the ones that did survive. During his second Duel with Yuya he showed a cruel indifference and revealed that he considers feelings to be a weakness and a tool to manipulate others, as seen when he used Yuya's feelings towards  Zuzu Boyle  to push him to Duel more efficiently by lying about Zuzu's fate after her disappearance.
 Despite his cold nature, he cares closely about his adopted younger sister  Riley  and gets along with  his mother . According to  Moon Shadow , Declan does care about others' lives and won't abandon his allies, even if his actions seem to suggest otherwise; he sent Moon underground precisely for this purpose. In the second season, Declan tends to act more reserved and quiet and takes action only when it is necessary. However he later criticized the  High Council  for their incompetence in keeping New Domino City under control and Roget for his selfish ambitions.
 In his youth, Declan was more reckless, crossing dimensions (though unaware that he had done so at the time) to find his father after he had disappeared and exposing his hiding place to save Celina. He also spoke far more brashly (in Japanese, he referred to himself as "boku" in contrast with his current self who refers to himself as "watashi", which is the polite form), demanding answers from his father. Declan made the switch in pronouns after making the decision to take over as President of the Leo Corporation.
 
 Etymology 
 His character's last name,  Akaba , means "Red Horse". Declan's surname is similar to that of  Seto Kaiba  from  Yu-Gi-Oh! , whose name also has also contains the character 馬 ( Uma , Horse), serving as another similarity between the two characters. His given Japanese name of Reiji means "Zero Child"; he shares the character of "Zero" with his father, adoptive sister and  Ray Akaba . With a different kanji(怜侍), it can also mean "cleverness".
 His dub first name,  Declan , likely comes from  René Descartes , a French philosopher, mathematician, and scientist. A theorem named after Descartes (Descartes' theorem) also involves a connection with circles, connecting him with his Japanese name's meaning.
 
 Abilities 
 During his first Duel with  Yuya , Declan demonstrated swift athleticism when necessary. He also possesses good reflexes and strength as he managed to intercept a punch from the athletic Yuya with ease.
 
 Biography 
 History 
         Young Declan in  Fusion Dimension .     
 Three years before the  Arc League Championship , Declan's father,  Leo Akaba , disappeared, causing Declan's mother,  Henrietta Akaba  to begin throwing violent fits. Concerned by his mother's change in mood, Declan decided to find Leo and confront him over Henrietta's sudden change. [9]  He used a strange device in Leo's lab, unbeknownst to Declan, this transported him across dimensions to the  Fusion Dimension 's  Duel Academy . He wandered the halls until he noticed  Celina  being chased by faculty members. When they cornered her, he watched from atop a wall behind her as she Dueled them, and he was surprised to see that their holograms had mass without an  Action Field . He Summoned " D/D Cerberus " to defend her and offered her his hand, which she took, and pulled her up over the wall. Declan and Celina fled to the harbor, where they were caught by Leo and several  Obelisk Force  members, to Declan's surprise. [10] 
 
         Declan at  Duel Academy .     
 Celina mentioned that Leo wanted to destroy the  Xyz  and  Synchro Dimensions , mentioning that the  attack on the Xyz Dimension  was about to start, prompting a confused Declan to protest that Leo had not mentioned anything about this to him or his mother. The Obelisk Force squad took Celina away, and one of them placed a miniature teleportation device on Declan's wrist, which sent him back to the  Standard Dimension  and then self-destructed. [10] 
 These events motivated Declan to stop his father's ambitions. [10]  He called  Yusho Sakaki , who had created the  ARC System  alongside Leo, to his father's office and announced his intent to take over as the President of the  Leo Corporation . Declan asked Yusho to lead the  Lancers  and help him stop Leo's  ambition  after investigating the research his father left behind. Yusho suggested that he talk with Leo and resolve the matter peacefully, using the device in Leo's lab to make the journey, but he never returned. [11]  Declan subsequently managed to achieve entry into the Professional Circuit by the age of fifteen. At some point,  an orphaned child  from a war-torn country was brought in and his mother explained that the child had lost their sense of self from what they had experienced. This made the child an ideal candidate to become a Duel Soldier to fight against Duel Academy. Declan, however, was quite disturbed by this. The child, Riley, was adopted into their family, and Declan developed a caring relationship with his adopted sibling. [6]  Knowing what Riley's life had been like, Declan gave her " C/C Critical Eye ", telling Riley that her life had no light in it, so she must capture the light of her opponents. He taught Riley to Duel himself, and Riley quickly became a strong Duelist. [12] 
 
 Pre-Arc League Championship 
 After  Yuya Sakaki  defeated  the Sledgehammer  using the  Pendulum Summon  mechanic, Declan was briefed on the Summon and on Yuya himself by  Claude . Intrigued by the Pendulum Summon, Declan asked  Sylvio Sawatari  to learn what he could about Pendulum Summoning, no matter how small the detail and to acquire them, if possible. [13]  Sylvio successfully acquired the cards, but wanted to use them to Duel Yuya. As Claude protested from where he was watching the Duel, Declan arrived and assured him that it was all right. Declan advised Sylvio on the use of Yuya's Pendulum Monsters from behind the scenes throughout the Duel. [14]  After Sylvio's loss, Claude stated that they would need to use other means to seize the cards immediately, but Declan again reassured him that it was all right for now. He looked at a video feed of Yuya, thanking him for putting on a show and murmured Yuya's name. [15] 
 A week after the first Pendulum Summon, Henrietta arrived back from a business trip. Declan wasted little time in informing her about Pendulum Summoning and Yuya Sakaki, and stated that they'd almost achieved a complete understanding of the Summon. He also informed her of the supposed attack on Sylvio at Yuya's hands. Declan admitted to being worried that, despite the feat he had performed, Yuya only had a 50% win-loss-ratio, and he was the son of  Yusho Sakaki , who given his disappearance after departing three years previously had possibly allied with  enemies  of  Leo Institute of Dueling . [4]  Later, he observed the Duels between the  You Show Duel School  and LID, remaining hidden and concealing his identity beneath a hooded sweatshirt. After Yuya had defeated  Dipper ,  Zuzu  had been defeated by  Julia , and  Gong  had  tied  with  Kit , Henrietta angrily proposed a tiebreaker between the students that had won: Yuya and Julia. Before the situation could progress any further, Declan revealed himself, and he stated he would put an end to it. [16] 
 
         Declan wearing his hooded sweatshirt.     
 None of the students present recognized Declan, his mother commenting that they didn't know how strong he was. Declan requested that she and their students stay quiet and watch, and that they not cheer any further. Declan allowed Yuya to choose whichever Action Field he wanted, so  Skip Boyle  (the only You Show member aware of Declan's identity) picked Yuya's favorite Field, " Acrobatic Circus ." In exchange, Yuya let Declan go first. Declan proceeded to use three " Dark Contract "  Continuous Spell Cards  to  Fusion Summon  " D/D/D Flame King Genghis " on his  turn , his first use of a  Fusion Monster  to be known, then  Set  the rest of his hand, but leaving him apparently guaranteed to take 3000  damage  on his next turn. When Yuya attempted to retaliate, Declan activated another "Dark Contract" card that would cause him to take another 1000 damage during the next turn. Yuya was able to counter that  attack  as well, but Declan was well-prepared, using an  Action Card  to protect "Genghis." Yuya was given the option to end his turn and theoretically win, but hesitated. Declan observed that Yuya's kindness was causing him to hesitate, though he called it useless in battle. Yuya Set a card, then Declan  negated  and  destroyed  his "Dark Contract" cards with " Contract Laundering ", replenishing his hand in addition. Yuya admitted that he wouldn't have been happy if he'd won from that, as he wouldn't have gotten a chance to show off his father's  Dueltaining  style. Declan asked if he was referring to Yusho Sakaki, and Yuya was surprised that Declan seemed to know his father. Kit mocked Yusho from the sidelines, prompting Declan to roar at him to be silent. He apologized for his outburst, explaining that he respected Yusho from the bottom of his heart. Declan then proceeded to  Synchro Summon  " D/D/D Gust King Alexander " and  Xyz Summon  " D/D/D Wave King Caesar " on his next turn, much to the shock of the onlookers. [17] 
 
         Declan with his  Fusion ,  Synchro  and  Xyz  Monsters.     
 Declan proceeded to destroy all of Yuya's monsters, despite Yuya's use of " Hippo Carnival ". Yuya proceeded to Pendulum Summon on his next turn, using his " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " in combination with " Performapal Fire Mufflerlion " and an Action Card to destroy all three of Declan's monsters. Declan used the effect of "Caesar" to revive them, though at the cost of taking damage again on his next turn, and then he  Tributed  them with " D/D/D Human Resources " - bypassing the damage he would have taken - to  add  his " D/D Savant Galilei " and " D/D Savant Kepler " to his hand - Pendulum Monster prototypes that he proceeded to activate on his next turn. He congratulated Yuya after Yuya claimed that he looked forward to seeing whatever surprises Declan had in store, Declan asking Yuya to confirm whether Pendulum Summoning was unique with his own eyes. Declan then Pendulum Summoned three copies of " D/D/D Doom King Armageddon ", destroying all of Yuya's monsters again and reducing him to 350  Life Points , also discovering, to his surprise, that destroyed Pendulum Monsters were sent to the  Extra Deck  instead of the  Graveyard . Yuya demanded to know where Declan had acquired Pendulum Summoning, but Declan refused to answer. Yuya Pendulum Summoned his destroyed monsters back, along with a new one, " Performapal Partnaga ", and attempted to destroy all three "King Armageddons", but the destruction of one simply activated the effects of the others, which gained the  ATK  of the destroyed monsters. Before Declan could counterattack, his Pendulum Monsters' effects appeared and reduced their  Pendulum Scales , destroying his remaining "Armageddons." He burst out laughing in surprise, realizing that Pendulum Summoning was not complete and that he had seen the possibility for further evolution in Pendulum Summoning. His mother then called out his name after hearing about the disappearance of Professor  Marco , and Claude briefed Declan on what had happened. Akaba told Yuya that he would settle the schools' matters some other time. Declan gave Yuya the win, and when asked, told Yuya his name before departing. [18]  Arriving back at LID, he learned that Marco had been involved in a Duel with an Xyz user. As they'd been with Yuya at the time, and Yuya had not demonstrated the capability, this ruled him out as the culprit. Declan ordered his men to search for Marco after being shown Marco's cards and  Duel Disk . [19] 
 Following this, Declan anonymously requested that Yuya be allowed into the  Junior Arc League Championship . Yuya, however, declined, and won his first Duel of the required four to gain entry normally. Claude later informed Declan of this, and Declan smiled, commenting that it seemed he'd done something unnecessary, that he should have expected it of the originator of Pendulum Summoning, and he asked if Yuya had Pendulum Summoned and if there was any change. Claude replied that there wasn't and admitted that he was bothered by elevated levels of Fusion Summoning that were occurring. The readings were stronger than normal, and Declan compared it to the abnormally strong Xyz Summonings that had occurred recently. He ordered it to be monitored. His mother later approached him with  two   cards  that had been sent anonymously to LID that morning depicting Marco and  Herc , one of LID's aces. Declan mused that the previous day, another strong Xyz Summon had been detected, and deduced that the two had been sealed inside the cards, though this was the first time he'd witnessed  such a phenomenon . Though Marco and Herc were alive, they couldn't be saved with LID's current resources. He commented that this did raise one question - there had been there Xyz-related attacks, yet the first victim - Sylvio - hadn't been sealed in a card, suggesting two perpetrators. Before they could continue their talk,  Curio Sawatari  barged into the office furiously, asking why they were loafing around. Despite Mr. Sawatari not having an appointment, Declan acknowledged that the rumors of the third attack were true. Curio angrily asked why they weren't taking action to catch the perpetrator, pointing out that his son had testified that Yuya Sakaki had attacked him. Declan asked if Sylvio was still saying that, and Curio admitted that he hadn't seen Sylvio since he'd left the hospital, but hadn't heard Sylvio say differently. He asked why they were letting Yuya run free, despite Henrietta wanting to handle it herself, and wanted to inform the police. Rising from his chair, Declan warned him that it was under investigation. Mr. Sawatari insisted that Yuya was the perpetrator, but Declan forcefully told Mr. Sawatari that Yuya was no criminal. He vowed to catch the real criminal, until then, he'd like Mr. Sawatari to watch quietly. After Curio Sawatari had left the office in a huff, Declan ordered Claude to raise the level of alert in the inner city and analyze the cards of Marco and Herc to save all of the city's Duelists. [20]  He later learned that the strong Fusion Summoning readings were continuing, and mused that the person using them must be winning as well. [21] 
 Later, Declan practiced Pendulum Summoning again, this time with the effects of his cards updated, and he successfully Summoned all three "Armageddons." Imagining himself facing Yuya and "Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon", Declan reached for his next card, but before he could continue his move, he was advised to stop, as they had cleared the day's benchmarks and the experiment was a success. Claude congratulated him, stating that now they were one step closer to creating even more of the Leo Corporation's own Pendulum Cards. Despite this, Declan considered his own inferior in terms of activation energy output to Yuya's Pendulum Monsters, believing them to be incomplete and unusable in the tournament. He gave Claude until the tournament to fix the problem, as they could not underestimate their competition, no matter where it came from. [22] 
 When Claude was complaining about using students to draw out the Duelist that had been attacking their students, Declan arrived and ordered them to continue monitoring them, confident that whoever it was would show themselves. He witnessed  Shay  admit to attacking the LID students and the start of his Battle Royal against Julia, Kit and Dipper. When Shay defeated all three of the students, Leo Corporation staff arrived and Shay asked them to see their boss. Declan replied that he was right there if Shay wanted him, and his employees parted as Declan walked towards the Xyz-user. [23]  Declan explained to Shay that he was the current Leo Corporation President, and Shay immediately challenged him to a Duel. Declan requested to know why Shay was attacking them. Though Shay refused to answer, Declan had deduced from his actions and Julia's prior testimony that Shay was trying to rescue his comrades by using Declan as a hostage. Shay confirmed that his attacks had been to lure Declan out to persuade  Leo Akaba  to release his comrades. Declan claimed that he doubted his father valued him that much, but agreed to Duel Shay under conditions: Shay must enter the Junior Arc League Championship and fight certain Duelists for him, informing him in a roundabout manner of  Sora Perse , a Fusion user, and Yuya, the user of the Pendulum Summoning that Shay would likely be unfamiliar with. Declan explained that he too wanted to fight against his father and clarified that if Shay won, he could do whatever he wanted. He departed with his men afterwards. [3] [24]  Claude later confirmed that Yuya had successfully entered into the competition and that Shay had been wiped from Julia, Dipper and Kit's memories, and entered into the Junior Arc League tournament. Declan mused that all that was left was to see how much power Shay would display, and he looked through his  Lancers Selection  document, muttering that the same question applied to the rest of the Duelists in the folder - which of them would become the Lancers to fight for their world? [25] 
 
 Arc League Championship 
         Declan leads the applause following  Yuya 's opening speech.     
 At the beginning of the tournament, Declan made one of his first public appearances in a while, much to the delight of his fans. He, his mother, and  Riley  watched the opening proceedings, observing the entry of both Yuya and Shay, and after Yuya's brief mess-up and subsequent speech regarding Yusho Sakaki, Declan led the applause. [24]  He watched Riley's first Duel against  Allie , and congratulated his little sister after she won. [5] 
 Before Sylvio's Duel with Yuya, Declan gave him his new " Yosenju " cards, including some  Pendulum Monsters , and taught him an anti-Pendulum combination that would return Pendulum Cards to the  Deck . He monitored the Summoning, which was successful, as was Sylvio's use of the technique. [26]  He was pleasantly surprised when Yuya  Fusion Summoned  using a Pendulum Monster as the  material , pleased that Yuya had already evolved so far. After Sylvio's loss, he ordered Claude to retrieve his Pendulum Cards and analyze them for mass-production. [27] 
 Before Shay's Duel with Sora, Declan arranged for the Action Field " Neo Heartland City " to be used to light Shay's fighting spirit. Declan also had a Pendulum Card made for Shay, who rejected it. While this annoyed Claude, Declan was fine with the rejection of his gift, as he was more interested in Shay's abilities rather than the potential of Pendulum Summoning. [28]  He was quite surprised when Shay performed a  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution  during the Duel. When Shay called out " Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon ," he told Riley to watch their future at stake. After Shay defeated Sora, he told him not to take further action in the eyes of the public, as Sora would be useful for experiments to understand  Duel Academy . [29] 
 Sora escaped during the night, and Declan coordinated the search for him, finding him in Central Park with a man who resembled Yuya Sakaki. Shay explained that this was his comrade,  Yuto , the second  Xyz  user that Declan had suspected of attacking  LID . He refused to let Shay assist Yuto, and they simply watched the Duel between Sora and Yuto, and the subsequent arrival and joining of Yuya. [30]  After Sora revealed himself as an agent of Duel Academy, his Duel Disk transported him away. Declan watched as Yuto explained to Yuya about the  Four Dimensions , growing angrier as he heard about the attacks on  Yuto's homeland , and explaining that it was due to his father's ambition that the tragedy had occurred. Before he could learn more, the security camera they were accessing was damaged. [31]  Declan still refused to let Shay go, warning him that he would protect his city in his own way. When they detected a  Synchro Summoning  reaction, Shay explained that Yuto must be Dueling the  Pawn of Fusion . Claude later found Yuto's  Duel Disk , and Declan ordered it brought to him as he looked out over  Paradise City . [32]  Claude did as ordered, and Declan proceeded to scan it for information. [33] 
 
         Declan confronting  Celina .     
 Declan witnessed Yuya's next Duel with  Iggy Arlo , suspecting that Yuya had possession of Yuto's " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon "; his suspicions were confirmed when Yuya  Xyz Summoned  it. [34]  When a stunned Shay turned to go and find Yuya, Declan reminded him of the tournament's purpose before he left. Declan then heard  Nico Smiley  announce that Dipper had lost his Duel to  Reed Pepper  by default due to absence. This confused Declan, until he was informed that a  Fusion Summoning  reaction had been detected. He was shown security camera footage that caught Dipper being sealed inside  a card  by  Celina , whose face he recognized. He then learned that Celina had watched  Kev Ravenwood 's Duel and realized that Kev would be Celina's next target, so he devised a plot to use Kev as bait to lure Celina, which worked perfectly. Declan immediately told Kev to leave, and as the latter turned to do so, Celina chased him, until Declan stopped her by grabbing her arm. This prompted Celina to threaten to take Declan out first, until  Barrett , Celina's cohort, challenged Declan instead. Declan prepared his Duel Disk, ordering Claude through a communication link to seal off the area. Declan inferred from Barrett's use of  Medal Counters  and willingness to take risks that Barrett had extensive combat experience, which Barrett confirmed. Though Declan eventually took damage from his own " Dark Contract with the Swamp King " card, earning a respectful comment from Barrett, this damage ultimately sealed Declan's victory, as he proceeded to dispatch Barrett using " D/D/D Marksman King Tell " and " D/D/D Oracle King d'Arc ". Celina turned to leave, until Declan told her to wait. [35] 
 He commented that she wasn't  Zuzu Boyle , and Celina asked who Zuzu was. Declan explained that Zuzu was someone from the  Standard Dimension  that resembled Celina and introduced himself, asking her if she remembered him and if she had been sent by Leo Akaba as a vanguard for an invasion. Celina denied working with Leo, having come to Standard of her own free will, and she admitted that she remembered Declan too, as she'd been trapped in that castle since Declan's appearance in her world. Declan explained that he was opposing Leo and offered an alliance, but Celina refused, explaining that she was after the Xyz users in Standard under the belief that defeating them would make Leo Akaba acknowledge her abilities. She gave Declan the card containing Dipper's soul, and Declan informed her that neither Dipper nor Kev were her target, though Akaba claimed to not know the Duelist from the Xyz Dimension who had defeated Sora. Declan warned Celina that he would be considering her an enemy even if she wasn't working with Leo and would take appropriate action. Barrett, overhearing this, activated the forced return function of his  Duel Disk , returning to the  Fusion Dimension , but alerting them to Celina's location. Celina explained that there would be people from Duel Academy coming after her, which would cause more than just a disturbance, but claimed before departing that once she'd defeated them and the Duelist from the Xyz Dimension, Leo would have no choice but to acknowledge her abilities.
 To prepare for the impending invasion, Declan organized the third round of the Championship as a  Battle Royal  between the 16 remaining competitors using the " Quartet of Quandry " Action Field. This was because he was worried that simply warning the citizens would cause a panic. He intended for the Top 8 Duelists from the Senior Championship to intercept the invaders, and for the Junior Youth Duelists to take them out. He instructed Shay to monitor the Junior Youth Duelists and seek out those who could join the  Lancers  in case of an emergency, to which Shay argued that he'd have to abandon those orders if the Senior Duelists all got defeated. [10]  Declan later returned to his control room to monitor the proceedings. [36]  He cut the video feed from the Ancient Ruins Area of the Action Field to the stadium when  Obelisk Force  appeared, followed by the Volcano Area when Celina showed up, then ordered the Senior Duelists to move out. [37]  He took note of a powerful Synchro Summoning reading in the iceberg area, theorizing that it was the Pawn of Fusion that Shay had spoken of. When the Obelisk Force appeared before Celina, he ordered the Senior Team to be sent to the Volcano Area. [38]  The Obelisk Force whittled down the Senior Team until only Kev remained, though he was saved by  a Duelist  from the Synchro Dimension who wiped out the entire Obelisk Force. Declan realized from this that the Synchro Dimension wasn't their enemy, and that LID wasn't skilled enough to resist Duel Academy. He theorized that the Duelists from Yuya's generation might be able to become stronger due to entering the new stage of Dueling that Pendulum Summoning had brought about. Sylvio then barged into the control room, demanding to know what was going on. Declan decided to send Sylvio into the Battle Royal to provide assistance, filling him in on the situation (though apparently,  not  of the intrusion penalty for the Battle Royal.) [39]  He also witnessed the transportation of Zuzu and the Duelist from the Synchro Dimension. [40]  After the timer for the Battle Royal expired, Declan met the survivors - Yuya, Sylvio,  Gong Strong , Celina, Shay,  Dennis McField  and  Moon Shadow . He informed them that he had seen all of their Duels. [41] 
 
 Friendship Cup 
 Declan revealed that he had changed the third round of the tournament to a city-wide  Battle Royal  to drive the Obelisk Force away with their abilities. Since they had managed to win and survive, he stated that they should be proud of their triumph over such a strong enemy, but Yuya instead blamed him for Zuzu (Yuya did not know yet), Reed,  Trout , and everyone else who had been sealed into cards. Yuya tried to punch Declan, but Declan easily caught his fist and threw him backwards, saying that Yuya should express his anger with a Duel, not with his fists, and that if Yuya won, he would repent his actions until Yuya was satisfied. [42] 
 
         Declan with " D/D/D Gust King Alexander ".     
 He explained that he was determined to rally the  Lancers  to protect  their world  from the same tragedy that befell the  Xyz Dimension , while activating " Neo Heartland City ". Declan requested that Shay explain what had happened to the Xyz Dimension, but Shay was unable to do so out of shame. Declan began to explain it himself, but was interrupted by Yuya (and Yuto's spirit within Yuya) angrily commanding him to stop talking and start Dueling. During the first turn, Declan managed to Summon the same  Fusion ,  Synchro  and  Xyz Monsters  he Summoned during his last Duel against Yuya. After Yuya Pendulum-Fusion Summoned " Rune-Eyes Pendulum Dragon " and " Beast-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", Declan hypothesized that Yuya's ability to Fusion Summon was due to  Sora 's strength affecting Zuzu, and in turn Yuya, though he reassured Yuya that it was merely a hypothesis. After managing to survive Yuya's  attack , Declan told Yuya that he understood how Yuya felt about Zuzu, concluding that it was those feelings that enabled Yuya to Pendulum-Fusion Summon, but growing through feelings alone wouldn't be enough to defeat Duel Academy. When Yuya protested that he didn't want to become a Lancer, Declan asked if that meant he didn't want to save Zuzu, which prompted Yuya to believe that Zuzu hadn't been sealed into a card. Declan then told Yuya to defeat him if he wanted to save Zuzu and defeat Duel Academy. [42] 
 Declan Pendulum Summoned on his next  turn , bringing out " Oblivion King Abyss Ragnarok ", using it to revive " Caesar " and  banish  "Rune-Eyes". He then fused his two " D/D/D " monsters to Pendulum-Fusion Summon " D/D/D Wave Oblivion King Caesar Ragnarok " and destroyed "Beast-Eyes". He urged Yuya to show him his full strength, as he hadn't gone all out either. Yuya proceeded to Pendulum-Xyz Summon on his next turn, bringing out " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " and nearly defeated Declan, but Declan was able to survive with the effect of "Caesar Ragnarok." He brought out " Armageddon " on his next turn, along with "Abyss Ragnarok" from the  Extra Deck , and Pendulum-Xyz Summoned himself to call out " D/D/D Duo-Dawn King Kali Yuga " and destroyed "Dark Rebellion". He wondered what bonds Yuya's Pendulum-Xyz Summon had been born from and learned that Yuya was fighting not only to save Zuzu but also to keep a promise to Yuto. Yuya revived "Dark Rebellion" and used his " Xiangke Magician " and " Xiangsheng Magician " to overlay "Dark Rebellion" and " Odd-Eyes " to Xyz Summon " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ". Upon seeing this, Declan smiled, declaring that this was what he wanted to see. Yuya launched a winning attack, thinking that he'd sealed Declan's  Set  cards, but the immunity of "Kali Yuga" allowed Declan to destroy and re-Set his cards, then use them to have "Kali Yuga" defeat "Rebellion Dragon", winning him the Duel. He reminded Yuya that he was naive, but claimed that he still had hopes for him, and all of the Lancers, who he'd chosen to cross dimensions with him. Walking away, he asked Claude if he'd collected the data from the Duel, and Claude replied that he had. [40] 
 After Henrietta revealed the existence of the  different dimensions , Declan outlined the Lancers to the public, also effectively turning it into a propaganda advertisement for  LID , which would train the next generations of Lancers. He provided new clothes for  Celina  and she stayed under his protection. [43]  The next day, Declan gathered the Lancers at  Leo Corporation , informing them that they would be going to the  Synchro Dimension  to recruit allies in their fight against the Academy and also explained that  Riley  would be going with them. He explained that he'd used the technology in Yuto's  Duel Disk  to upgrade those of the Lancers to travel between dimensions and project an Action Field, and Celina forced him to admit that he'd seen Zuzu be transported to the Synchro Dimension. The Lancers then departed. [44] 
 When the Lancers arrived in the Synchro Dimension's  New Domino City , they were split into several groups. Declan's whereabouts were unknown to most of the Lancers and several of them attempted to find him for days with no success. When  Moon Shadow  rescued Riley from  Security  Celina suggested that Declan had instructed him to do so. [45]  After the Lancers were taken to the  High Council  and Yuya claimed they did not want to cause trouble, Declan appeared with Moon Shadow and Riley. He revealed to  Jean-Michel Roget  that they came to the Synchro Dimension in order to form an alliance. To help reinforce the Lancers' trust with the Synchro Dimension, Declan suggested they take part in the  Friendship Cup , which Roget agreed to. [46] 
 Declan, Moon Shadow, Riley, and the High Council quietly observed Yuya's Duel against  Jack Atlas . [47]  Declan suggested that Riley enter the Friendship Cup and mentioned that he had no problem letting Riley live with the other Duelists. [48]  He later watched  Gong 's Duel against  Crow Hogan  and when the Council asked that why Gong didn't use an  Action Card , Declan explained that this was Gong's Dueling style. [49]  Riley was set to go up against  Shinji Weber , but to Declan's surprise, Riley refused and fled to Yuya's room. Preventing Moon Shadow from recapturing her, Declan followed Riley to Yuya's room. Yuya protectively defended Riley, angrily asking why she was here. Declan admitted that he had forced Riley to come, claiming that she was necessary in the fight against the Academy. He then asked Riley why she didn't want to fight, and to his surprise, Riley claimed that she didn't want to fight Shinji since the Commons citizen had showed him kindness previously. Declan then had Moon Shadow Duel Shinji in place of Riley, and he expressed pride in Riley's sense of self-developing. The two siblings left Yuya's room together, their bond restored. [6]  Declan apologized to the High Council for the transition, explaining that Moon Shadow was a skilled Duelist. When Moon Shadow intentionally lost the Duel, Declan revealed to the shocked Council that he knew that they would ship Moon Shadow to their  Underground Labor Facility , and that he had planned for the occasion. [50] 
 At the end of the Duels of the first day, two of the Lancers had lost, while Zuzu and Celina had both won. Declan explained to the Council that Zuzu was also from the Standard Dimension and was equal in skill to the Lancers, so the Council decided to treat the results of the day as 2-2 for the Lancers. They invited Declan and Riley to dine with them and a guest; Jack Atlas himself. Jack expressed regret that Riley had been withdrawn; as the look in Riley's eyes had reminded him of himself at a young age. He explained his history to Declan and praised Riley, something that Declan thanked him for. [51] 
 The second day of the Friendship Cup began with Yuya Dueling  Officer 227 . During the Duel, 227 Fusion Summoned, causing Declan to immediately suspect that there was an agent of Duel Academy in the Synchro Dimension. Declan remained silent when Yuya brutally won the Duel. [52]  He learned  Yugo 's identity as the Duelist who had appeared in the Standard Dimension when Yugo Dueled Sylvio. [53] . Moon Shadow escaped from the Underground Labor Facility and informed Declan and Riley of the rumors that Roget was from  another dimension . [54] 
 When Dennis was confirmed to be a Duel Academy agent, the High Council demanded that Declan explain why their enemy was with them. Declan responded that he had considered the possibility that they had been infiltrated, but asked the Council if the same might not be true of their world. [55]  After Shay defeated Dennis, Declan prepared to interrogate Dennis, but the High Council stopped him and explained that they wanted to keep New Domino City away from the dimensional War. [56] 
 
 Friendship Cup Finals 
 Roget had  Sector Security  storm the Capital Building, taking Declan, Riley, and the High Council hostage. Roget revealed his plans to make the  City  into his kingdom, and Declan asked if he planned to rebel against Duel Academy. Roget offered Declan an alliance since they both shared a common enemy, but Declan refused claiming that there was no benefit in allying with someone like Roget. [57]  He watched Zuzu's Duel against  Sergey Volkov  and when the High Council believed that Zuzu had the Duel won, Declan corrected them, knowing that Sergey was up to something. [58]  The council later demanded that Declan explain why he had rejected Roget's offer but Declan remained silent. [59] 
 Declan watched Yuya's Duel against Shinji and he was surprised when Yuya Pendulum- Synchro Summoned  " Enligtenment Paladin " and won with it. [60]  Roget personally praised Yuya's victory, causing the Council to worry, and Declan reassured them that Yuya wasn't foolish enough to trust Roget, because he was  Yusho Sakaki 's son. [61]  Riley wondered where Yuya was, and Declan explained that Roget would not cancel the tournament; thus Yuya would have to participate in another match eventually. He also noted that Roget was trying to win Yuya over to his side. [62] 
 
         Declan speaks to  Roget  after freeing the  High Council .     
 Declan watched  Yugo  Duel  Celina , and when Roget manipulated the course to give Celina an advantage, White Taki commented that. [63]  After Yugo defeated Celina, he then told Riley to rescue Celina because Roget wouldn't send her underground and wanted Riley to stop him. Declan then Dueled the Security officers in the Council Chamber and defeated them all. The Council, save White Taki, noted that Declan could have done so any time he wished and Declan replied that he was waiting for the right moment. Declan then told Roget that he wouldn't give Zuzu Boyle and Celina to him or Duel Academy. He also noted that Roget's plan had failed judging from the look on his face. After that he mused to himself that Riley was capable of rescuing Celina and hoped that Zuzu wouldn't fall into Roget's hands. [64] [65]  Later that night Declan observed Yuya's Duel against  Crow Hogan . [66]  While watching the Duel, he noticed the  Obelisk Force  flying in the sky. [67] 
 After Jack Atlas defeated Sergey Volkov in the altered semi-final match, Roget declared martial law on the City. Declan took this opportunity to leave the Capital Building, despite the protests of the High Council and he used the effect of "D/D/D Duo-Dawn King Kali Yuga" to destroy the web of  Trap Cards  that Security had Set, inadvertently saving Riley, Shay, Sylvio and  Chojiro Tokumatsu . He smiled as Riley happily hugged him. Declan denounced the High Council for merely observing events, claiming that observers had no right to dictate the future. Predicting that Yuya would be heading to the  Duel Palace , Declan directed Shay to take the Lancers to the Duel Palace on Shay's " Raidraptors ", where they found Yuya,  Gong ,  Sam ,  Frank ,  Amanda  and  Tarren  on the bridge to the Duel Palace about to be attacked by  Commons  who had mistaken them for retreating  Topsiders . Once he was in the stadium, Yuya challenged Jack to a Duel. [68]  Declan assisted his Lancers and Chojiro in fending off Security when they stormed the Duel Palace, defeating a " Goyo King " with "Caesar Ragnarok". Yuya showed concern for Riley, but Declan held him back and they watched as Riley defeated her opponent. [69]  In the middle of the Duel, Declan told his fellow Lancers to come with him, leaving Chojiro, Frank, Tanner and Amanda behind to watch the Duel between Yuya and Jack as he and Riley then headed to the Sector Security headquarters. [70] 
 
         Declan begins his Duel with Roget.     
 With Riley and Moon Shadow at his heels, Declan arrived just in time to prevent Roget from escaping with Zuzu. He revealed his correct predictions on what Roget planned to do with Zuzu and Duel Academy and his own future, showed his contempt for him, and demanded Roget release Zuzu and beg for the City's forgiveness. Roget refused and fled with Zuzu. Declan pursued him into a darkened room, and realizing that it was likely a trap he shoved Riley out before she could enter the room, trapping him inside with Roget. The maniacal former director of Sector Security claimed that he would also capture Declan and bring him to Duel Academy. Declan retorted that when he entered Duel Academy, it would be to destroy it. The two then began Dueling, with Roget Fusion Summoning " Ancient Gear Howitzer " and Declan taking 1000 damage from its effect. [71]  Declan Fusion Summoned " D/D/D Dragonbane King Beowulf " and Pendulum- Synchro Summoned  " D/D/D Cursed King Siegfried ", using them to defeat Roget in an OTK, but Roget vanished when he was slammed into the walls. A new Roget appeared and joined the Duel, taking the 2000 LP intrusion penalty, and he claimed that he would revive like a phoenix and that the Duel would continue for eternity until Declan surrendered. The Lancers, Jack, Crow and Sora then broke into the room, but Declan kept them back and he set up a  controlled loop  with " D/D/D Chaos King Apocalypse ", " D/D Savant Nikola ", " D/D Savant Thomas " and " Dark Contract with the Swinging Abyss ", which would allow him to deal 2000 damage each turn to Roget before he could do anything, thus rendering Roget as the one who would be eternally defeated. Roget angrily accused Declan of causing Roget to take the fall for him and of cooperating with the Professor, who he revealed to the Lancers to be Declan's father, of attempting to subjugate the four dimensions. Declan countered by pointing out that the accusation made no sense if Roget was fleeing with Zuzu, and Roget fled, but was stopped by Jack and Crow. Roget then attempted to plunge the entire City into the void. Declan saved Riley from being pulled into the generated wormhole, but Roget, Zuzu, Yuya, Gong, Shay, and Sylvio were all pulled in and sent to another dimension. Declan grimly noted that they had no way to find the lost Lancers. [72] 
 
 Heartland City 
 The  Lancers  wished to assist in the rebuilding of  New Domino City , but  Shinji  and  Chojiro  told the Lancers that they could handle it and they suggested that they do their duty. Joined by  Sora  and  Crow , the Lancers traveled to the  Fusion Dimension  and procured a speedboat to go to  Duel Academy ; Declan taking the wheel. They came across  Captain Cutter 's ship, where  Gong  and  Sylvio  were captured and  Yuya  was falling from the mast. Declan accelerated quickly enough for Crow to catch Yuya with " Assault Blackwing - Raikiri the Rain Shower ". When Cutter used " Battle at Sea " to attack the speedboat, Declan dodged the cannon fire. After Yuya and Sora defeated Solo, Declan told Yuya that  Sector Security  had disbanded and New Domino City had become truly equal. He told the Lancers that they would go to Duel Academy to rescue  Zuzu  and  Celina  and destroy  Leo 's plan, and end everything by the hands of the Lancers. [73]  Declan was surprised when he learned that  Yusho Sakaki  was heading toward Duel Academy and he revealed to the Lancers that he went there three years ago and that he had asked Yusho for help after learning about his father's plan. However, Yusho used his  Interdimensional Travel Device  without telling anybody and disappeared. He also met Celina and after meeting Yuya and Zuzu three years later, a memory resurfaced from Leo's research:  Revival Zero . It contained a file with two people, Celina and  Yuri , who resembled Yuya. He told Yuya that his theory about the  Four Dimensions  and the  four girls  being connected to the  Arc Project  was probably correct, and he deduced that Revival Zero was another part of Leo's plan and that Yuya was probably involved given Yuri's involvement. Declan told the Lancers to believe in their friends' strength and fight to the very end. After arriving on the island, Declan prepared to climb the cliff to charge into his father's lab. [74]  After climbing up the mountain, they were surrounded by Duel Academy students before utilizing their plan to spilt two groups with Declan,  Riley , and Sora continuing to the lab while Yuya's group Dueled the students. [75] 
 
         Declan meet up with Yusho and Alexis Rhodes in the halls of Duel Academy.     
 Declan reunited with Yusho and told him he wouldn't let him get ahead of him as he had three years ago. Declan declared that they had to destroy Duel Academy, but they were confronted by Yuri. [76]  He, Yusho, and Riley managed to pass the fence that Sora lowered to block Yuri off while  Alexis Rhodes  faced him. He told Yusho who Yuri was and they continued to the Professor's chambers. [77]  They were confronted by Duel Academy students, who took them directly to the Professor. [78] 
 
 Duel Academy 
 Declan was forced to calm  Riley  down after she reacted in fear to  Leo . He listened to  Yusho  and Leo discuss creating the  ARC System  together, and he was surprised to learn that the came from the  Original Dimension . He learned how Leo created the ARC System, which caused  Duel Monsters  to evolve but led to the world's ruin at the hands of a Duelist named  Z-ARC . Declan realized that something was wrong after Riley sensed a powerful anger. He then learned how Z-ARC  fused  with his  four dragons  to become  Supreme King Z-ARC . The story scared Riley again, and Declan tried to calm her down by reassuring her that it was a myth, but Leo retorted that it was true. [79] 
 Declan was pleased to see  Yuya  make it to the inner chambers and he wondered what Leo meant by bringing back the truth. To his surprise, Leo summoned  Zuzu  and  her counterparts  to the room and sealed  the Doktor  into  a card . Leo explained that he created  four cards  that could defeat Supreme King Z-ARC, but they were stolen by his daughter  Ray , who defeated Z-ARC and split the dimensions. Declan was surprised to learn that Leo had a daughter. Leo claimed that Ray was somewhere in the Four Dimensions, and Declan revealed that Leo began immersing himself in his research, ignoring his family and causing  his mother  to change. He explained that he had intended to find out what Leo was doing and punish him for hurting his mother. Leo explained that he believed Ray had survived and found evidence in  Duel Academy . Declan deduced that Leo meant  Celina  and he learned that Ray had split into Zuzu, Celina,  Lulu Obsidian , and  Rin . To his surprise, Leo revealed his intention to resurrect Ray, and Declan wondered how sealing people into cards could bring her and the world back. Leo revealed  ARC-V , and he explained that it would bring the back both the fifth dimension and Ray. Declan remembered reading the  Revival Zero  file that had Celina and  Yuri  in it and he wondered if Yuri was the Fusion Dimensional fragment of Z-ARC as Celina was of Ray. To Declan's shock, Leo asked him to help defeat Yuya because he was a reincarnation of Z-ARC and Declan's sister had sacrificed and split herself to defeat Z-ARC. Declan refused, disbelieving that Yuya could be a demon as Yuya's Dueltaining had brought smiles to people and stopped Duel Academy's invasion of the  Xyz Dimension . Declan blamed Leo for disturbing the peace of the Four Dimensions and for bringing fear to people for one world, and he teamed up Yuya and challenged Leo to a Duel. [9] 
 Accepting Yuya's help, Declan  Pendulum - Fusion ,  Sychro , and  Xyz Summoned  " D/D/D Flame King Genghis ", " D/D/D Gust King Alexander ", and " D/D/D Wave King Caesar ", then used " Dark Contract with Exclusivity " to prevent Leo from using the same Summoning methods as long his monsters remained on the field. Leo tried to convince him to join him again, but Declan still refused, claiming that if Leo didn't fuse the dimensions, Z-ARC wouldn't revive and the Four Dimensions would be at peace. He declared that Yuya was his friend and accused Leo of accelerating Z-ARC's revival. To his surprise, Leo Pendulum Summoned, and his " Spirit Tech Force - Pendulum Governor " destroyed "Genghis" and prevented "Gust King Alexander" and "Wave King Caesar" from attacking. Leo asked Declan to join him again, but Declan was preoccupied by Yuya's  awakening  and told him not to lose control. He watched Leo take damage from the effect of Yuya's " Performapal Gatlinghoul ". [80] 
 Leo survived the effect and ordered the energy input of ARC-V to be increased. Declan compared Leo to Z-ARC, criticizing him for burning through the sealed people like fuel and vowed to protect the Four Dimensions' peace. He  Tributed  "Gust King Alexander" and "Wave King Caesar" to Summon " D/D/D Doom King Armageddon " and used the effect of "Wave King Caesar" to add " Deceitful Dark Contract with the War Deity " to his hand, then used it to increase the ATK of "Armageddon" and lower that of "Pendulum Governor" to bypass its effect. He told Yuya to hang on and attacked, but Leo used " Dis-swing Fusion " to take control of "Armageddon" and Fusion Summon " Master Spirit Tech Force - Pendulum Ruler ". Declan warned Yuya to be ready for Leo, but to his horror, Leo gave Declan's "Armageddon" the honor of killing Z-ARC's alter ego. The sight of Yuya going for an  Action Card  convinced him that Yuya was in control even though Z-ARC was overflowing from inside him. He reassured Yuya that he would save him after they toppled Leo's ambitions. To Declan's surprise, Yuya and  Yuto  managed to make brief contact with him before screaming that they would become one. Leo declared that Yuya no longer existed after he Xyz Summoned " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ", but Declan believed Yuya that was still there. He told Yuya not to be swallowed by Z-ARC and reminded him that he was Dueling for peace and bringing smiles to the future, but was surprised to see a dragon's silhouette form from Yuya's dark aura. Yuya Xyz Summoned " Odd-Eyes Raging Dragon " to destroy "Pendulum Ruler" and "Armageddon", and Declan took damage when Yuya destroyed "Armageddon" due to the effect of "Dis-Swing Fusion". Yuya activated the effect of " Performapal Nightmare Knight ", which would defeat Leo  and  Declan as they had both taken battle damage. Fortunately, Yusho restrained Yuya with " Restraining Sword of Impact ", which terminated the Duel. Yusho passed an unconscious Riley to Declan and explained that he was going to prevent Z-ARC's revival. [81] 
 
         Delcan watches Leo retreat into ARC-V.     
 Watching Yuya trying to free himself, Declan demanded that Leo deactivate ARC-V, but Leo entered the machine and sealed the throne room. [82]  Declan woke Riley in order to stop ARC-V but to his surprise, Riley claimed to have talked with Ray about her revival. Declan warned Riley that if the Four Dimensions became one again everybody might disappear. Riley asked Declan if he didn't want to revive his real older sister, and in response Declan asked Riley if he was fine with everyone vanishing. Riley challenged Declan to a Duel, and Declan Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Summoned "Genghis", "Alexander", and " D/D/D Stone King Darius " and sealed most of Riley's Deck with " Dark Contract with the Eternal Darkness ". To his surprise, Riley continued to Duel and she stalled with " Film Magician ", but Declan used the effect of "Darius" to destroy "Film Magician", and as he attacked he reflected on how he gave Riley light when she grew up in hellish darkness. Riley used " Damage Banish " to remain in the Duel, and as Riley copied Declan's Trap and destroyed it, Declan was surprised to see Ray's spirit appear next to Riley. Riley Fusion Summoned " C/C/C Sonic Halberd of Battle ", a monster Declan never knew Riley had. As Riley destroyed his monsters and prepared to attack him directly, Declan reflected on how Riley had always copied other Duelists, but her sense of self was now awakening. As "Sonic Halberd" launched a final attack, Declan wondered where he had gone wrong and created a monster. [12] 
 He used " Miracle " to negate the attack, and told Riley that it was fine if she believed in carrying out Ray's will. Regardless, as they opposed Declan in protecting the Four Dimensions and defeating Leo, Declan vowed to defeat Riley and keep moving forward, and he brought out " D/D/D Knowledge King Tomb Conquistador ". He defeated Riley and ran to go check on her as Yusho was blasted into the chamber by Yuri. Yuri revealed that he had absorbed  Yugo , and Declan tried to protect Yusho, but Yuri blasted him away. Riley revealed that Z-ARC's revival was close as Declan watched Yusho and Yuri's Duel. He was surprised to see " Performapal Sky Magician " and observed Yusho's Dueltaining calming Yuya's heart. He was pleased when Yusho countered Yuri and shuffled " Super Polymerization " back into his Deck. [83]  Yuya explained Yusho's tactics to Declan, and Declan realized that Yuya was back to his original self. As Yuri locked Yusho down with " Ivy Bind Castle ", Riley wondered who Yuya was talking to. Declan explained that Yuya was talking to Yuto in his mind, a sign that he wasn't engulfed by the darkness yet. Declan was wary when Yuri began acting confidently, but he was surprised when Yuri revealed that "Super Polymerization" wasn't his trump card, but " Ultra Polymerization " was. Yuri used it to Fusion Summon " Starving Venom Fusion Dragon " and Synchro Summon " Clear Wing Synchro Dragon ", causing Yuya to begin screaming in pain. As Yuri prepared a combo using "Starving Venom", "Clear Wing", " Destruction Flower ", and " Destruction Fruit " to damage Yusho, Declan prepared to join the Duel, but Yusho told him not to interfere. Yuri defeated Yusho and sealed him into a  card , and Yuya broke free from "Restraining Sword of Impact". [84] 
 Declan tried to stop Yuya from being influenced by the darkness, but Yuya blasted him away and Declan warned Yuya not to approach Yuri carelessly. As he watched Yuya writhe in pain and the dragons resonated, Riley explained that Ray had told him that Z-ARC's revival was inevitable. Declan noted that Yuya was fighting for them to avoid it. Eventually, Yuya and Yuri Summoned all  Four Dimension Dragons  blasting Riley back when they resonated, and Declan caught her. He told her that Yuya was still fighting for the world. [85]  Distortions in space began occurring, and Declan realized that ARC-V had started the dimension integration. Yuya came close to giving into the darkness, and he blasted Declan back when he called out to Yuya. Declan told Yuya not to lose himself or waste Yusho's ideals. Yuya started to move nearer Yuri, and Declan desperately yelled at him to stop but to his surprise and relief, Yuya was simply Setting a card. Leo trapped them in the  Isolation Dome , and as Declan ran to check on Yuya, Riley cried that she'd lost contact with Ray.  Sora  and  Aster Phoenix  arrived and Declan explained what had happened. Declan, Riley, Sora, and Aster attempted to join the Duel to protect Yuya, but Yuri blasted them away. Aster asked if Yuya had any chance of winning, and Declan assured him that Yuya had a card to turn the Duel around. However, Yuya began tearfully apologizing to his father after he used " Break Away ", and Declan learned that Yuya had to discard "Smile World" as the card's cost. Declan reassured Yuya that he wouldn't become a demon, believing in him to save the world. He told Yuya to focus on winning for now, and watched him take control of "Dark Rebellion" and "Clear Wing", and he realized that Yugo and Yuto were supporting Yuya to defeat Yuri, and Declan encouraged him to win as well. After Yuya defeated Yuri, Declan noted that ARC-V was the final obstacle to deal with. As Yuri told Yuya to absorb him quickly, Declan retorted that Yuya would not absorb him to become a demon. Declan realized that something was wrong when Yuya reminded Declan that he had told him to win, just as Z-ARC had been encouraged in the past, and Yuya fell under control of the darkness and summoned " Astrograph Sorcerer " to fuse with the Four Dimension Dragons. Declan ran outside with Riley, Sora, and Aster to find the world floating in pieces as the Supreme King Z-ARC alighted in front of them. [86] 
 Z-ARC introduced himself, and Declan wondered where he was to have Summoned the Supreme King. As the Supreme King Z-ARC began to attack, Riley wondered where Leo was. Declan reassured him that Leo would have already evacuated, but Riley explained that Ray was calling Leo to hurry and revive her since only she could defeat Z-ARC. Riley ran back inside Duel Academy, and Declan pursued her. [87]  While they walked through Duel Academy, Declan noted that the dimensional integration was becoming more intense. He and Riley saw the citizens of  Heartland  and  New Domino City  walking through them in midair, and Declan wondered if it was because of the dimensional integration. [88]  As they continued to walk through Duel Academy, Declan learned from Riley that Ray had told her that Leo was trying to split the world again using the four cards that had revived instead of her. [89] 
 
         Declan saves Leo from falling.     
 Riley explained that Leo planned to battle Z-ARC with the cards, and Riley asked Declan to save Leo so that Declan would smile again. Declan admitted to himself that he wouldn't be able to smile if he was grieving, and he agreed, telling Riley stay where she was. He joined the Duel against Z-ARC right after Leo did, receiving an intrusion penalty. Declan explained to Leo that he wasn't the only person responsible for Z-ARC becoming evil, claiming that he was as well. He clarified that society itself had created Z-ARC. To his horror, Leo's attempt to defeat Z-ARC with the four cards failed, and Z-ARC defeated Leo, blasting him through the air. Declan managed to catch his father and drag him to safety, before preparing to face Z-ARC alone. [90] 
 Leo had lost hope, but Declan replied that there was still hope, as everyone that had Dueled Z-ARC believed Yuya's soul was inside him.  Sylvio  gave Declan  Yuya's pendant , and Declan explained to Leo that the reason Z-ARC could Pendulum Summon was because Yuya's soul still existed. Declan reminded Yuya that he was the founder of Pendulum Summoning and how he studied him since its first usage. Declan told Yuya how everyone was influenced by him since he moved the hearts of many people, so should be able to overcome Z-ARC's evil heart. As an example, Declan Pendulum-Xyz, Synchro, and Fusion Summoned " D/D/D Wave High King Caesar ", " D/D/D Gust High King Alexander ", and " D/D/D Flame High King Genghis ". Declan used the effects of his " Emperor Executives" to negate the effects of " Supreme King Gate Zero " and " Infinity ", counter Z-ARC's attempt to use the effect of " Supreme King Dragon Odd-Eyes " to revive his " Supreme King Dragon Darkwurms ", and increase the ATK of all three "Emperor Executives". Declan attacked " Supreme King Z-ARC ", which couldn't be destroyed due to Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Monsters being in the  graveyard  or  banished , and dealt massive damage to Z-ARC. To Declan's surprise, Z-ARC claimed that he was the true founder of Pendulum Summoning, born for his revenge against Ray when Ray split the world into four. [91] 
 
         Declan, defeated by Z-ARC, and Leo being saved from Z-ARC's attack by Moon Shadow.     
 The damage that Declan had inflicted allowed Z-ARC to activate his " Supreme Rage "  Trap Card , Special Summoning all four " Supreme King Dragons ". Z-ARC began to systematically destroy Declan's monsters with the "Supreme King Dragons", and Declan outlasted him with the effects of " D/D Savant Dirac " " D/D Savant Schrödinger ". Despite his efforts, Z-ARC's onslaught was too much for Declan, and the final attack from "Supreme King Z-ARC" himself defeated him. Moon Shadow saved Declan from the force of the attack as Riley entered the Duel. Declan called out to Riley but to his surprise Riley explained that Ray was in control of her body. Declan watched Ray and Riley destroy all of Z-ARC's dragons with the Natural Energy Cards and Declan explained to Z-ARC that he was both Yuya & Z-ARC, as his heart was constantly swinging like a pendulum. Yuya managed to regain control, and Declan tossed his pendant back to him and watched his siblings defeated Z-ARC. As the world began to split into four again, Declan noted that Z-ARC would reincarnate again like before. Riley refused to allow that to happen, and she ejected Ray spirit from her body and sealed Z-ARC's soul within her own body. [91] 
 Following the battle against Z-ARC, Declan was able to eventually regain his memories of the event when those of the other citizens of the  Standard Dimension  were unable to. One day, he explained to his  mother  how the Standard Dimension was reborn into the  "Pendulum Dimension"  and that everyone could Pendulum Summon as usual now. Henrietta inquired about Riley, now regressed to an unsmiling infant, and Declan told Henrietta to feel at ease. He sent invitations to Yuya, Gong, Sylvio and Moon Shadow for the  Junior Arc League Championship  and told them they would Duel in a  Battle Royal  first. During the Duel, Declan had Moon Shadow assist in helping Yuya, Gong and Sylvio remember their past. Henrietta wondered if this would help bring back Riley's smile, Declan reassured her that Yuya would be able to. He ordered Moon Shadow not to show mercy and agreed with Yusho that Yuya would have reached his limits if he lost. He also told Henrietta to give up on Riley's smile. [92]  Yuya regained his memories of Zuzu and he wondered where she was, and Declan revealed that Riley expelled Ray's soul in order to seal Z-ARC's soul within her body, and she was reborn as a baby without a smile due to her use of the Natural Energy. Nevertheless, he believed that Riley's smile would return, claiming that this was the reason that they had reclaimed their memories. [93]  Declan eplained that the reason Riley didn't separate into four people was because of how quickly she had sealed Z-ARC's soul, which took their smile away. Declan revealed the reason for reenacting the Arc League Championship was to return Riley's smile through Yuya's Dueltaining. If they were unable to, Z-ARC would eventually resurrect again, and put the world at risk. Declan also explained that he believed that Zuzu was safe, but that her safety was up to Yuya. Near the end of the Duel, Declan left  Leo Corporation  to go to the arena and he announced that despite Yuya's victory, he would not be promoted to the Senior class yet. He explained that the Battle Royal was a continuation of the Arc League Championship that had been interrupted by the invasion from Duel Academy, and that he would only permit one Duelist from the  Lancers  to advance to the Senior class. He took Yuya to the  dimensional corridor gate , which he described as remnants of ARC-V connected with the Four Dimensions, to send him to the Xyz Dimension. [94] 
 Declan watched Yuya and  Dennis  Duel from his control room. He observed that YUya was in the position to Xyz Summon "Dark Rebellion", but to his surprise, Yuya attacked with a different strategy, defeating Dennis. [95]  He watched Yuya's Duel with  Shay , and the arrival of  Jack Atlas . Yusho wondered who Jack was, and Declan explained who Jack was. Declan agreed with Jack's demands for Yuya to use the Four Dimension Dragons in their Duel, reminding Yuya that he needed his Dueltaining to make Riley smile and purify Z-ARC's soul. Noting that Yuya's Duels with Dennis and Shay didn't make Riley smile, he unveiled the  Multiverse Speedway , which spread throughout the Four Dimensions. He explained to Yuya that he wanted him to show people in every dimension the ultimate  Turbo Duel  and make Riley smile. As he watched the Duel, he learned that Yuya was afraid of summoning the Four Dimension Dragons for fear of something happening to Zuzu, Celina, Lulu, and Rin as well, and he started to worry. At Jack's urging, Yuya Pendulum-Xyz Summoned "Dark Rebellion", and Declan noticed Riley reacting to the monster. After all four dragons were summoned, Yusho announced that the true fun was about to begin. [96] 
 
         Declan summoning the " D/D/D   Super   Doom   Kings " against Yuya.     
 Riley's dark aura disappeared, and Declan wondered if she was feeling Yuya's Duel with Z-ARC's dragons. He returned to Paradise Stadium after Yuya won and informed him that Z-ARC's soul had nearly awakened after the four dragons were summoned, but Riley hadn't smiled yet. Declan explained to Yuya that his victory had earned him promotion to the Senior division, but that his promotion could be protested against. Yuya asked Declan to protest his promotion, and Declan agreed, announcing his protest to the crowd.  Declan chose the Action Field; " Performance Colosseum " for the Duel, and he told Yuya to surpass him if he wished to save Riley and the world. Yuya Pendulum-Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Summoned, " Odd-Eyes Pendulum Dragon ", "Starving Venom", "Clear Wing", and "Dark Rebellion" on his first turn. Intending to discover whether Yuya's confidence was genuine or not, Declan Pendulum Summoned his three "Doom King Armageddon's" and attacked Yuya's dragons. Yuya countered each attack and destroyed one "Doom King Armageddon". After Yuya regained a memory of Z-ARC, Declan told him to try and make him laugh. He used " Dark Contract with the Insurance " to draw and activate " D/D/D Fusion ", " D/D/D Synchro ", and " D/D/D Xyz " to use his "Doom King Armageddon's" as materials to Fusion, Synchro and Xyz Summon " D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon ", " D/D/D Super Doom King Bright Armageddon " and " D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon ". Declan explained to Yuya that he had built an iron wall for Yuya to break through, if he wanted Declan to laugh from the bottom of his heart. [97] 
 Declan admitted that Yuya had brought out the four dragons' full power, but it was nothing in front of his strongest portfolio. Declan used the effects of the "Super Doom Kings" to destroy the four dragons and inflict severe damage to Yuya. He asked Yuya if he could make him smile after losing his dragons.To his surprise, Yuya used " Odd-Eyes Fusion Gate " to revive and fuse "Odd-Eyes" and "Starving Venom into " Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon ". Yuya used the effect of "Odd-Eyes Venom Dragon" to increase its ATK and attacked, but Declan used the effect of "Purple Armageddon" to return its ATK to normal, destroying it. Yuya continued his attack, using " Odd-Eyes Synchro Gate " to revive and tune "Odd-Eyes" with "Clear Wing" and Synchro Summon " Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon ". Yuya attempted to use the effect of "Odd-Eyes Wing Dragon" to destroy all of Declan's monsters, but Declan used the effect of "Dark Armageddon" to prevent his Pendulum Monsters from being destroyed by card effects, and destroyed "Wing Dragon" after Yuya attacked. Yuya then used " Odd-Eyes Xyz Gate " to revive and overlay "Odd-Eyes" and "Dark Rebellion" to Xyz Summon " Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon ", then increased its ATK and gained additional attacks. Declan's monsters survived due the effect of "Purple Armageddon" preventing their destruction in battle. Declan mused that Riley would be a bomb for Z-ARC's resurrection in the future if she couldn't smile. [98] 
 
         Declan smiles after being defeated by Yuya.     
 He destroyed "Odd-Eyes Rebellion Dragon" with the effect of "Purple Armageddon", but Yuya used " Abysmal Entertainment " to place "Rebellion Dragon" into his  Pendulum Zone  and prevent him from taking damage that turn. On his next turn, Yuya searched out and activated the Scale 12 " Performapal Five-Rainbow Magician ", and then Pendulum Summoned "Venom Dragon", "Wing Dragon", " Performapal Odd-Eyes Seer ", and " Performapal Ignition Eagle " on his next turn, but Declan used the effect of "Bright Armageddon" to negate all of Yuya's monsters' effects except for "Odd-Eyes Priest". Yuya continued to manipulate the effect of "Bright Armageddon" to his advantage, before triggering the Pendulum Effect of "Five-Rainbow Magician" to reduce the ATK of every monster to 0, prevent them attacking, and negating their effects. Declan and Yuya had to Set five cards in order to negate the effect of "Five-Rainbow Magician" and double the ATK of their monsters, but they had to skip their  Draw Phase  if they Set a card, and Setting a card would end their turn - a strategy that forced them to find and Set  Action Cards . Declan and Yuya swiftly collected their cards; Declan was able to Set four cards, but Yuya got all five and attacked. Declan had a backup in the form of the effect of " D/D Savant Einstein ", allowing him to discard it to Set a card and double the ATK of his "Super Doom Kings". Yuya used the effect of "Ignition Eagle" to Special Summon "Rebellion Dragon" from his Pendulum Zone, increase the ATK of "Odd-Eyes", and place "Ignition Eagle" in his Pendulum Zone. Declan used the effects of "Purple Armageddon" to prevent his monsters' destruction and return the ATK of "Odd-Eyes" to normal. To his surprise, Yuya used the Pendulum Effect of "Ignition Eagle" to increase the ATK of "Odd-Eyes" again, and despite Declan's monsters surviving, the doubled damage of the attack defeated him. Despite himself, Declan smiled, and after hearing Riley laugh, Declan declared Yuya the winner and that he had passed his protest. Declan witnessed the revival of Ray as Zuzu and suggested that Z-ARC was probably laughing as well alongside Riley. Declan laughed as well when Leo declared that the worlds were finally one again thanks to Yuya's Dueling, and he witnessed Yusho challenging Yuya to a Duel. [98] 
 
 Other appearances 
 Reiji Akaba (manga) Declan Akaba (Tag Force) Reiji Akaba (DY) 
 Relationships 
 Riley Akaba 
 While Declan and  Riley  aren't as close compared to other pairs of siblings in the previous series such as the  Kaiba   brothers , they still are shown to care about each other. Although they aren't related biologically, Riley was encouraged by Declan's compliments after her victories during the  Arc League Championship  and was allowed to join the  Lancers  despite not being at the  Battle Royal . When some of the Lancers complained about Riley joining, Declan quickly defended her and said that she would not be a hindrance, and constantly shows his confidence in Riley's skills.
 When the Lancers were split in the  Synchro Dimension , Riley cared about nothing but finding Declan as soon as possible, and Declan requested that  Moon Shadow  find Riley and later to take her place in the  Friendship Cup . When Riley showed signs of developing a "sense of self", he was shown to be proud and seemingly resents  his mother's  plan of using Riley as a mindless puppet and even when Riley was first brought to them he felt very uncomfortable for making a very traumatized child battle against  Duel Academy .
 Declan's confidence in Riley was enough to entrust her with rescuing Celina from Sector Security and later showed no surprise when Riley defeated three Sector Security officers at once.
 
 Leo Akaba 
 When Declan encountered  Leo  in the  Fusion Dimension  he was suspicious of his father's ambitions and later founded the  Lancers  to fight against him. He claimed that Leo doesn't care about him when  Shay  planned to use Declan as hostage. Declan was furious when he heard about the suffering that his father had caused.
 Declan's antagonistic stance against his father seemed to have softened 
later on, however, as he willingly teamed up with Leo to duel Z-ARC. Declan also stated that Leo was not solely responsible for Z-ARC's revival, but that it is the fault of everyone who bore evil in their hearts, which Z-ARC was able to feed upon to facilitate his emergence. After Leo was defeated by Z-ARC, Declan caught his father and hauled him up to safety.
 
 Shay Obsidian 
 When  Shay Obsidian  and Declan met face to face, rather than Dueling Shay, Declan decided to form an alliance with the  Xyz Dimension   Duelist . However he frequently has to keep Shay under vigilance so his recklessness doesn't affect his plans.
 
 Celina 
 When Declan met  Celina  in the  Fusion Dimension , he tried to help her escape without hesitation. Despite knowing Celina's allegiance to  Duel Academy , Declan trusts her and plotted to have her to join the  Lancers  knowing she wouldn't betray them. Celina likewise accepted, agreeing to help Declan combat the Fusion Dimension and supported his plan to go to the  Synchro Dimension  to recruit allies.
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 According to director  Katsumi Ono , Declan sees  Yuya  as an object of study. [99]  During their first Duel Declan and Yuya were respectful to one another and Declan revealed that he respected  Yuya's father . The Duel affected Declan's outlook; prior to the Duel he cared little for his opponent due to his advanced skills and position, but afterwards, Declan developed a rivalry with Yuya. [100]  During their second Duel however, Declan showed indifference towards Yuya's feelings, disregarding them as a weakness even though he acknowledged the strength that they gave him, and instead used them to manipulate him and push him to become stronger. During their Duel, he refused to tell him the truth about  Zuzu 's disappearance and only told him the truth just as they were about to leave for the  Synchro Dimension , where Zuzu was (and even then, likely largely due to  Celina  figuring this out herself and so Yuya would be more determined to go there). Despite his attitude, Declan continues to respect Yuya and trust him as shown when he assured Riley that Yuya won't be foolish enough to accept Roget's offer. He also inadvertently saved Yuya from becoming Roget's puppet, where if he were not been able to defeat Sector Security in the High Council's room on time, Roget's plan of brainwashing Yuya would have remain unaltered, and Yuya would have undoubtedly become a soldier of Roget.
 Although Yuya tends to disagree with Declan's methods, he knows that at heart Declan is a person he can trust. This is demonstrated when Roget attempted to use the father-son relationship of Leo Akaba with Declan as "proof" that Declan was using the Lancers for his own ends. However Yuya defended Declan causing him to smile.
 Likewise when his father Leo requests Declan to join him to defeat Yuya since he is a part of Z-ARC and by proxy a threat to the world, Declan refuses and defends Yuya as his own person who genuinely seeks to resolve conflicts and bring smiles to people with his  Dueltaining , and promptly challenges his father to a Duel along with Yuya, in which Declan stands by Yuya's side despite Leo's warnings affirming he truly thinks of Yuya as a friend.
 Any hostility Yuya may have felt towards Declan appears to have vanished after their reunion in the Fusion Dimension as they have co-operated well and affirmed each other as friends. Their rivalry came full circle in their third Duel, where they matched their skills against one another in their attempt to make Riley smile.
 
 Yusho Sakaki 
 Three years prior to the events of ARC-V, Declan and Yusho agreed to meet Leo Akaba and attempt to talk him out of the Arc Project. When Declan found out Yusho was on his way to Duel Academy, he knew right away that Yusho was still following their plan. When the two reunited, they greeted each other in good terms, and worked together to go confront Leo and stop the project.
 
 Deck 
 Declan uses a  " D/D " Deck , which utilizes the " Dark Contract "  archetype  of  Spell  and  Trap Cards  to easily gather the necessary cards to perform  Fusion ,  Synchro ,  Xyz , and  Pendulum Summoning  of his " D/D/D " monsters, using cards such as " Contract Laundering " and " D/D/D Human Resources " to avoid the negative  effects  of his cards.
 Declan's usual tactics involves multiple combos per turn through methodical and lined-up patterns of the same cards. Declan is capable of using Fusion, Synchro, and Xyz Summoning and his mastery of them is in the opposite order of that of  Yuya Sakaki . While Yuya first acquired Pendulum Summoning and then acquired the other three Summoning methods, Declan mastered them first and then acquired Pendulum Summoning. The opposite order of the mastery of the four specialized Summons further highlights Yuya and Declan's rivalry.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 D/D Berfomet  x2 
 D/D Lilith 
 D/D Necro Slime 
 D/D Pandora 
 D/D Swirl Slime 
 D/D Vice Typhon 
 Tuner monsters 
 D/D Ghost 
 D/D Lamia 
 D/D Nighthowl 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 D/D Brownie 
 D/D Cerberus 
 D/D Proud Chevalier 
 D/D Savant Copernicus 
 D/D Savant Dirac 
 D/D Savant Einstein 
 D/D Savant Galilei 
 D/D Savant Kepler 
 D/D Savant Newton 
 D/D Savant Nikola  x2 
 D/D Savant Schrödinger 
 D/D Savant Thomas 
 D/D/D Chaos King Apocalypse 
 D/D/D Doom King Armageddon  x3 
 D/D/D Knowledge King Tomb Conquistador 
 D/D/D Oblivion King Abyss Ragnarok Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 D/D/D Dragonbane King Beowulf 
 D/D/D Flame High King Genghis 
 D/D/D Flame King Genghis 
 D/D/D Oracle King d'Arc 
 D/D/D Super Doom King Purple Armageddon 
 D/D/D Wave Oblivion King Caesar Ragnarok 
 Synchro Monsters 
 D/D/D Cursed King Siegfried 
 D/D/D Gust High King Alexander 
 D/D/D Gust King Alexander 
 D/D/D Super Doom King Bright Armageddon  
 Xyz Monsters 
 D/D/D Duo-Dawn King Kali Yuga 
 D/D/D Marksman King Tell 
 D/D/D Stone King Darius 
 D/D/D Super Doom King Dark Armageddon 
 D/D/D Wave High King Caesar 
 D/D/D Wave King Caesar Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 D/D/D Fusion 
 D/D/D Synchro 
 D/D/D Xyz 
 Dark Contract with Summoning Surplus 
 Dark Contract with the Gate  x2 
 Dark Contract with the Insurance 
 Dark Contract with the Monopoly Seal 
 Dark Contract with the Swamp King 
 Deceitful Dark Contract with the War Deity 
 Forbidden Dark Contract with the Swamp King 
 Traps 
 Contract Laundering 
 D/D/D Contract Change 
 D/D/D Human Resources 
 Dark Contract with Errors 
 Dark Contract with Renewal 
 Dark Contract with the Eternal Darkness 
 Dark Contract with the Swinging Abyss 
 Dark Contract with the Witch 
 Over the course of the series, some of the cards used by Declan have been changed with regards to their effect or type. This is the list of cards which he used previously.
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 D/D Berfomet 
 D/D Cerberus 
 D/D Lilith 
 D/D Necro Slime 
 Pendulum Monsters 
 D/D Savant Galilei 
 D/D Savant Kepler 
 D/D/D Doom King Armageddon  x3 Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 D/D/D Gust King Alexander Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Dark Contract with the Swamp King 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Several Unknown  Duelists 
 12 
 Win (off screen; flashback)
 
 
 Duel Academy  staff 
 41 
 No result (with  Celina ; flashback)
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 12 - 13 
 Lose (Forfeited)
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 21 
 No result (imagination)
 
 
 Barrett 
 40 
 Win
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 50 - 51 
 Win
 
 
 Duel Chasers 
 86 
 Win
 
 
 Duel Chasers 
 95 
 Win
 
 
 Duel Chasers 
 96 
 Win (with  Chojiro Tokumatsu ,  Gong Strong ,  Riley Akaba ,  Shay Obsidian , and  Sylvio Sawatari )
 
 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 98 - 99 
 Win x2
 
 
 Leo Akaba ,  Yusho Sakaki 
 128 - 129 
 No result (with  Yuya Sakaki )
 
 
 Riley Akaba 
 131 - 132 
 Win
 
 
 Z-ARC 
 140 
 Lose
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 147 - 148 
 Lose
 
 Trivia 
 Declan is the only primary rival whose ace monster is not a dragon. 
 References 
 
 
 ↑   "Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V Personnages" . gulli.fr .  http://www.gulli.fr/Chaine-TV/Dessins-animes/Yu-Gi-Oh-ARC-V/Personnages/Declan-Akaba . Retrieved April 29, 2015 . 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   2.2   "Character" . TVTokyo. February 21, 2014 .  http://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/anime/yugioh-arcv/chara/index_4.html . 
 
 ↑  3.0   3.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 25: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 8: " Bad Business " 
 
 ↑  5.0   5.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 28: " Something's Fishy " 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 67: " Riley's Reveal " 
 
 ↑   "Deutsche Sprecher für „Yu-Gi-Oh! Arc-V” bei YEP! stehen fest" . Animanga Network .  http://www.anime2you.de/news/23710/deutsche-sprecher-fuer-yu-gi-oh-arc-v-bei-yep-stehen-fest/ . Retrieved March 6, 2015 .   (German) 
 
 ↑   "[Arc-V  Comments from the Cast"] .  https://ygorganization.com/arc-v-comments-from-the-cast/ . 
 
 ↑  9.0   9.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 127: " Revival Zero " 
 
 ↑  10.0   10.1   10.2   10.3   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 41: " Bracing For Battle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 106: " An Academic Test " 
 
 ↑  12.0   12.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 131: " Sibling Standoff " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 2: " Swing into Action: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 3: " Trade Bait: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 4: " Trade Bait: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 11: " Going, Going, Gong " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 12: " Battle Under the Big Top " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 13: " Circus Surprise! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 14: " The Show Must Go On " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 18: " Trapped in a Card " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 20: " Quiz Quagmire: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 21: " Beyond Belief " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 24: " For Our Tomorrows " 
 
 ↑  24.0   24.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 27: " Challengers Assemble " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 26: " Battle Between Buddies: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 31: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 32: " The Pendulum Swings Both Ways: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 33: " Making the Cut: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 34: " Making the Cut: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 35: " Sora's Secrets: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 36: " Sora's Secrets: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 37: " A Dark Reflection " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 38: " Warped " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 39: " Imperial Wrath Awakening " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 40: " Stealth Warriors " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 42: " Battle Fields " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 44: " Danger Zones " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 45: " Obelisk Assault " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 47: " Identity Crisis " 
 
 ↑  40.0   40.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 51: " Kings vs. Dragons " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 49: " Fighting for Fun " 
 
 ↑  42.0   42.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 50: " Dueling Declan " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 52: " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 53: " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 60: " Showdown in the Slammer " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 63: " Fight for Freedom " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 64: " Match with the Master " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 65: " Traits of a Traitor " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 66: " Crow's Crew " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 68: " Common Cause " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 70: " The Gift of Grit " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 71: " Duel Consequences " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 72: " Turbotainers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 73: " Turning Point " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 74: " A Traitor Unmasked " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 75: " Shay's Revenge " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 76: " Plans of Attack " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 77: " A Cons Game " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 78: " Rebel Road " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 79: " Road To Rebellion " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 80: " Where the Truth Lies " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 81: " Battle Birds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 84: " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 85: " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 86: " Against All Odds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 87: " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 88: " Wake Up Call " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 95: " Martial Law " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 96: " The Imitation " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 97: " Making it Mine " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 98: " Friendship Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 99: " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 115: " Shiver Me Lancers " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 117: " Grip of the Parasite " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 118: " Survival of the Fittest " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 122: " Show of Nature " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 123: " 123 Fusion Destruction " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 125: " Rise of the Parasites " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 126: " An Evil Ascends " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 128: " What Lurks Beneath " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 129: " A Duel Within " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 130: " Duel Interrupted " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 132: " Sleight of Hands " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 133: " A Father's Finale " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 134: " Relentless " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 135: " Time to Reunite! " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 136: " A Most Brutal Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 137: " A Dark Summoning " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 138: " Master of Disaster " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 139: " Clash Talk " 
 
 ↑  91.0   91.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 140: " A Ray of Hope " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 141: " Swinging Back into Action " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 142: " Deja Duel " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 143: " Amateur Hour " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 144: " Showtime Showdown " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 146: " One Way Street to Defeat " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 147: " One Last Duel " 
 
 ↑  98.0   98.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode 148: " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 ↑   "ANIME NEWS: EXTRACTS OF INTERVIEW WITH DIRECTOR ONO IN ANIMEDIA" .  https://stardustjunction.wordpress.com/2015/04/09/anime-news-extracts-of-interview-with-director-ono-in-animedia/ . 
 
 ↑   "[Arc-V  Comments from the Cast"] .  https://ygorganization.com/arc-v-comments-from-the-cast/ . 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime   characters You Show Duel School 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Tate (Tatsuya Yamashiro) 
 Allie (Ayu Ayukawa) 
 Frederick (Futoshi Harada) 
 Skip Boyle (Syuzo Hiiragi) 
 Yoko Sakaki 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 Leo Institute of Dueling  / Leo Corporation 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Henrietta Akaba (Himika Akaba) 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Claude (Nakajima) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Julia Krystal (Masumi Kotsu) 
 Kit Blade (Yaiba Todo) 
 Dipper O'rion (Hokuto Shijima) 
 Marco 
 Herc (Tio) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Olga 
 Halil 
 Kakimoto 
 Ootomo 
 Yamabe 
 Arc League Championship 
 Nico Smiley 
 Reed Pepper (Michio Mokota) 
 Sansho Pepper (Aiichiro Mokota) 
 Mrs. Pepper (Maiko Mokota) 
 German Fauder (Kirigakure) 
 Pierre L'Supérieure (Eita Kyuando) 
 Aura Sentia (Mieru Houchun) 
 Madam Divina (Naruko Unno) 
 Grizzlepike Jones (Gen Ankokuji) 
 Trevor (Takeshi Shimizu) 
 Joy Jeever 
 Ryozan Godagawa 
 Iggy Arlo (Isao Kachidoki) 
 Nagi (Ken Umesugi) 
 Taka (Makoto Takeda) 
 Micky Starlett (Mikiyo Naname) 
 Trick Tagart (Yuzo Tanegashima) 
 Trout (Teppei Tairyobata) 
 Sun Shadow 
 Ashley 
 Bram 
 Carl 
 Chalac (Charles) 
 Haruno Mihara 
 Lancers 
 Current 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) 
 Gong Strong (Noboru Gongenzaka) 
 Sylvio Sawatari (Shingo Sawatari) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Moon Shadow 
 Riley Akaba (Layra Akaba) 
 Crow Hogan 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Former 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Kev Ravenwood (Yuu Sakuragi) 
 Candidates 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Akira Tendo 
 Kai Kurahashi 
 Kurumi Kobayashi 
 Mai Miyata 
 Mamoru Takeda 
 Musashi Kinomoto 
 Ryouhei Sasaki 
 Shiori Nanase 
 Takeshi Aoki 
 
 Fusion Dimension 
 Duel Academy 
 Leo Akaba 
 Yuri (Joeri) 
 Sora Perse (Sora Shiunin) 
 Dennis McField (Dennis Mackfield) 
 Celina (Serena) 
 Barrett 
 Obelisk Force 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Juvenile Officers 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Aster Phoenix (Edo Phoenix) 
 Mamoru Noro 
 Gloria Tyler 
 Grace Tyler 
 Captain Cutter (Captain Solo) 
 Zane Truesdale (Ryo Marufuji) 
 The Doktor 
 Apollo 
 Diana 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Rin 
 Sanders 
 Battle Beast 
 Bernie 
 Emma 
 Ethan 
 Jacob 
 Ted 
 Zuzu Boyle (Yuzu Hiiragi) 
 You Show Duel School 
 Alexis Rhodes (Asuka Tenjoin) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Xyz Dimension 
 The Resistance 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Heartland Duel School 
 Yuto (Ute) 
 Shay Obsidian (Syun Kurosaki) 
 Lulu Obsidian (Ruri Kurosaki) 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Allen Kozuki 
 Saya Sasayama (Sayaka Sasayama) 
 Yusho Sakaki (Yusyo Sakaki) 
 
 Synchro Dimension 
 Topsiders 
 White Taki 
 Azul 
 Bordeaux 
 Gael 
 Gray 
 Jean-Michel Roget 
 Sector Security (Security) 
 Officer 227 (Duel Chaser 227) 
 Jack Atlas 
 Melissa Trail (Melissa Claire) 
 Lucas Swank (Gallager) 
 Lazar (Yeager) 
 Don Piero (Garome) 
 Sayer (Divine) 
 Dexter (Tenpei Hayano) 
 Commons 
 Yugo (Hugo) 
 Rin 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Shinji Weber 
 Damon Lopez 
 Tony Zomboni (Tony Simmons) 
 Amanda 
 Frank 
 Tarren (Tanner) 
 Chojiro Tokumatsu 
 Sergey Volkov 
 Sam 
 Rathie 
 Hunter Pace (Mukuro Enjo) 
 Dobocle 
 Hippies 
 
 Original Dimension 
 Leo Akaba 
 Ray Akaba 
 Z-ARC 
 No.9 
 Other characters 
 The Sledgehammer (Strong Ishijima) 
 Furio Sawatari (Mr. Sawatari) 
 Mr. Strong (Mr. Gongenzaka) 
 En 
 Core 
 Kilo 
 Watt 
 Akira Samejima 
 Masashi Kitaura 
 Mio Tojyo 
 Tetsuro Yamaguchi 
 
 v e 
Declan Akaba (Reiji Akaba) pages 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 Spin-off manga 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist 
 Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/ca/Declan_Akaba.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20190211164701', None, None, 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/Young_Declan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/150?cb=20150201183959', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/DeclanatAcademia.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150205040758', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/ae/DeclanHoodie.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140706185303', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e4/DDD.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140629120054', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Declan_applauds.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150209023422', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/da/DeclanConfrontingCelina.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150205040919', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/DeclanandAlexander.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20150706030934', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/66/Declan_speaks_to_Roget.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20151221144911', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1b/Declan_Duels_Roger.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160328030219', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6a/Yusho_Meets_Up_With_Declan.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20160928054234', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d3/Leo_throne.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20161106194119', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Declan_Saves_Leo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170123022438', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/29/Moon_Shadow_saves_Declan_%26_Leo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170130092816', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7d/Declan_summoning_the_Superdoom_Kings.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170326045551', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/cd/Declan_smiles.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20170328040015', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f2/Reiji_%28Manga%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/127?cb=20180205203457', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c8/Declan-TFSP.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20150630140032', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Reiji_%28DY%29.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/159?cb=20150802174655', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Declan Akaba pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V characters