Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_108


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 108 
 
 
 
 
 The Tyler Sisters prepare to Duel. 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 アマゾネス・トラップ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Amazonesu Torappu 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 Amazoness Trap 
 
 
 English 
 Twins with Tudes 
 
 
 Number 
 108 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 June 5, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 September 16, 2017 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " LIGHT OF HOPE " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Vision " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Tsutomu Kamishiro 
 
 
 Director 
 Yoshitaka Koyama 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Katsumi Ono 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Toshihiko Masuda 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 3) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Belles & Whistles " 
 " Surprise Showing " 
 
 
 
 
 " Twins with Tudes ", known as " Amazoness Trap " in the Japanese version, is the one-hundredth and eighth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on June 5, 2016 and in Canada September 16, 2017 on Teletoon. Nicktoons aired it on March 10, 2018. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on April 20, 2017.
 Suddenly,  Sylvio 's cry for help could be heard across the streets.  Yuya  and  Shay  hurry over, but see only an unconscious Sylvio and  Gong , and the  Tyler   sisters  standing before them. Furious at how  Duel Academy  use brutal tactics to hurt their comrades, Yuya and Shay challenge the Tyler sisters to a Duel.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian and Yuya Sakaki vs. Gloria Tyler and Grace Tyler 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   Trivia 
 5   Differences from the preview 
 6   In other languages 
 7   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 As  Yuya  and  Shay  race through the streets of  Heartland ,  Aster  wonders why he couldn't defeat Yuya, and asks himself if it was because Yuya is the son of  Yusho Sakaki . He looks at his torn " Smile World " card and he thinks that if Yuya is Yusho's son then Aster must crush him; there's no way that he could lose to someone who "brings smiles with Dueling" or uses "Smile World (this is cut from the dub, even though it took place in the previous episode; a recap of the previous episode is used instead)". 
 Yuya and Shay suddenly hear  Sylvio  scream. Yuya gasps that that was Sylvio and Shay leads Yuya in the direction of the sound.  Gong  is blasted off his feet and he lands next to Sylvio just as Yuya and Shay arrive. Yuya runs to Gong and he asks him who did this, while Shay notices the unconscious bodies of  Allen  and  Saya  lying against the wall. Gong whispers, " Amazoness … (in the dub, he describes the Tyler sisters as "twins with 'tudes")" and immediately catches Shay's attention.  Gloria  comments that it looks like more have arrived, and Shay promptly puts himself in between his fallen comrades and the flight of stairs where Gloria and  Grace  are standing. He observes that they must be the Tag Duelists who use "Amazoness" Decks (he does not mention their decks in the dub), and Grace is pleased that someone finally knows who they are. Gloria comments that Shay must be a  Resistance  fighter who was too scared to face them and fled. Shay begins to tell the Tyler sisters to shut up, but Yuya beats him too it and he states that at the time he and Shay were acting on their own.  Yuto  speaks through Yuya, declaring that if they had been there then the Tyler sisters wouldn't have  sealed so many of their comrades into cards  (in the dub, they tell the sisters they'll wish they never came here). Shay narrows his eyes and Yuya asks Yuto if he knows the two Duelists. Yuto replies that he doesn't, but the  Spade Branch  of the Resistance fought against two female Duelists who used "Amazoness" Decks and were nearly wiped out. He comments that it was most likely the Tyler sisters. Gloria asks if they really thought that they could have saved their comrades and Grace tells them that they overestimate themselves. Saya stirs and whispers Yuya's name (cut from the dub). 
 Yuto declares that the Tyler sisters are the ones responsible for the devastation of the Spade Branch, and Yuya replies that he understands that their rage and sorrow hurt so much. But if Yuto lets his anger control them, then the unknown being inside them will take over again. He remembers their possession during the Duel against  Barrett  and states that he doesn't want to be possessed like that ever again. Shay asks Yuya to do what Yuto wants. Yuya asks if Shay knows and Shay points out that he's known Yuto longer than Yuya has; right now Yuto likely feels the same way that Shay does. Yuto declares that they can't overlook the Tyler sisters and Yuya replies that he knows. He lays Gong gently down and states that he can't forgive  Duel Academy , but he will Duel the way that he believes in and he asks Shay if that is fine. Shay activates his  Duel Disk  and he replies that he doesn't care; he will crush the Tyler sisters with his own Dueling (in the dub, Shay agrees to try and Duel the right way). Yuya thinks to himself that his heart won't be controlled as long as he doesn't lose sight of himself and he Duels the way that he believes in (in the dub, he thinks he's in for a tough fight, to avenge Sylvio and Gong). He activates his Duel Disk, which declares " Field Spell :  Crossover ", suffusing the area with blue and deploying the platforms, and scattering the  Action Cards . Gloria observes the Action Field and realizes that Yuya and Shay are  Lancers . She and Grace activate their Duel Disks and Grace asks them if they are fine with a  Tag Duel , where the field,  Graveyard  and  LP  of both players are shared (this isn't mentioned in the dub). Yuya protests that the shared Graveyard would have been a huge disadvantage for Gong, and Grace is intrigued by the prospect, though she decides that it was even since they used Action Cards (in the dub, Yuya makes no mention of this and simply replies, "the more the merrier", prompting Grace to comment on his confidence). Gloria suggests that Yuya and Shay shown them their true power and all four Duelists declare, "DUEL!" 
 Gloria takes the first turn, activating the  Continuous Spell Card  " Quiet Life " since she controls no monsters. All players will now be unable to  Normal Summon  during a turn in which they  Special Summon . Grace clarifies that the reverse is also true. Gloria then activates the  Spell Card  " Polymerization " from her hand,  fusing  " Amazoness Queen " and " Amazoness Swords Woman " from her hand. She  chants , "Queen of the jungle. Receive the power of the valiant swordswoman. Build an empire that rules over everything!  Fusion Summon ! Appear now!  Level 8 !  Amazoness Empress !" ("Now these two warriors of the jungle will combine into one, and harness the power of the jungle itself! I Fusion Summon Amazoness Empress!" in the dub.)  Setting  a card, Gloria ends her turn. Yuya examines the "Quiet Life" card on his Duel Disk and Yuto muses that each turn they will have to choose whether or not to Normal or Special Summon and he wonders why the Tyler sisters would allow them to choose. Yuya replies that if he has to choose then the answer is obvious.
 He declares his turn and draws, adding the " Miracle Rocket Show " that he drew to his hand containing " Performapal Turn Toad ", " Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn ", " Xiangsheng Magician ", " Performapal Monkeyboard " and " Monster Reborn ". Yuya uses the Scale 3 "Turn Toad" and the Scale 8 "Odd-Eyes Unicorn" to Set the  Pendulum Scale , allowing him to simultaneously Summon monsters from  Level   4  to  7 . Gong whispers Yuya's name. Yuya chants, "Swing, pendulum of the soul! Draw an arc of light across the aether!  Pendulum Summon ! Appear now in  Defense Position ! Xiangsheng Magician! Performapal Monkeyboard in Defense Position! ("Swing far, pendulum! Carve the arc of victory! My monsters are ready to swing into action!" in the dub)" Yuto asks if Yuya is going to see how things turn out while he defends and Yuya replies that he needs to be careful. But Gloria smiles and activates a  Continuous Trap Card , " Amazoness Hall "; whenever monsters are Special Summoned to their opponent's field she will gain LP equal to their total  ATK . Shay is shocked and Yuya repeats, "total ATK? (in the dub, he says this just got worse)" as the 1500 ATK total of "Xiangsheng" and "Monkeyboard" is added to the Tyler sisters' LP, bringing them up to 5500. Allen protests weakly and Saya feebly stirs. Gloria explains that they were ordered personally by  the Professor  to exterminate the Lancers and Grace asks Yuya if he thought that they wouldn't have counters to Pendulum Summoning. Yuya is shocked that the Lancers have attracted the attention of the Professor himself and Shay muses that he understands and comments that defeating the sisters will be all the sweeter (in the dub, he tells Yuya they can't let their guard down). Grace laughs and tells Shay that bluffing will only get him so far, before urging Yuya to hurry up and end his turn (she does not address Yuya in the dub). Yuya Sets a card and does so. 
 Grace comments that she isn't sure why, but she isn't expecting much from Yuya. She declares her turn and draws "Polymerization" and immediately activates it, fusing " Amazoness Spy " with " Amazoness Tiger " in her hand. She chants "Wild beast with vicious fangs! Obtain the eyes of the warrior who hunts down her prey! Appear now and become a new savage beast!  Fusion Summon ! Come before us!  Level 7 ! Amazoness Pet Liger!" ("Get set for some paws, claws, and like, warring roars! I Fusion Summon Amazoness Pet Liger!" in the dub.) She declares her  Battle Phase , attacking "Monkeyboard" with "Liger", explaining that "Liger" gains 500 ATK when it attacks, bringing it up to 3000. Then Gloria explains that the effect of "Amazoness Empress" will allow all "Amazoness" monsters to inflict  piercing battle damage , and "Empress" sends out pulses from her sword, causing "Liger's" remaining eye to glow red as it destroys "Monkeyboard" and reduces Yuya and Shay to 3400 LP. Yuya looks back at Sylvio and Gong and he tells them to wait for him. Grace explains that the ATK of "Liger" will return to normal after battling, and adds that it isn't over yet; as she and Gloria share a field "Amazoness Empress" is treated as her monster. She orders it to attack "Xiangsheng Magician" and tells them to take 1300 points of piercing damage. "Empress" destroys "Xiangsheng Magician" and reduces Yuya and Shay to 2100 LP. Saya whispers Yuya's name and Allen whispers Shay's name (in the dub, he says, "Not good..."). Grace asks them if they aren't picking up Action Cards because they want to protect their comrades, and she Sets two cards with a smile to end her turn (in the dub, she says she's sorry, but not sorry). 
 Shay warns the Tyler sisters that if they're having so much fun then he'll take them on, along with the souls of the comrades that they turned into cards, and he remembers finding the destroyed base of the Spade Branch. (In the dub, he expresses fury that they find pleasure in him losing his friends.) Yuya begs Shay not to do it, but Yuto declares that the more cornered they are, the more fiercely they will fight. Yuya begs Yuto to stop and not to let his anger consume him. (In the dub, Yuto agrees that anger might be needed, much to Yuya's irritation.) Shay tells the Tyler sisters that he will show them how the Resistance fight when they are serious. He declares his turn and draws " Raidraptor - Singing Lanius " in addition to his other two copies of "Singing Lanius" in his hand and the " Raidraptor - Iron Heart " in his hand. Shay uses the already Set Scales to Pendulum Summon the three "Singing Lanius", and Gloria reminds him that the effect of "Amazoness Hall" will increase her LP by the ATK of the Special Summoned monsters. The 300 ATK total of the "Singing Lanius" is added to the Tyler sisters' LP, bringing them to 5800. Saya gasps and Allen is shocked that the Tyler sisters were able to gain even more LP, while Gong weakly chokes Yuya's name. Yuya urges Shay to prevent his anger from controlling him, but Shay ignores him (in the dub, he tells Yuya he is thinking clearly) and  overlays  his three Level 4 "Singing Lanius" to  Xyz Summon  the  Rank 4  " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon ". Grace is surprised that Shay Special Summoned again as the 100 ATK of "Rise Falcon" is added to her and Gloria's LP by the effect of "Amazoness Hall", increasing their total to 5900. Gloria asks Shay what he's supposed to do with a monster that has such low ATK.
 Shay activates the  Equip Spell Card  "Raidraptor - Iron Heart", increasing the ATK of "Rise Falcon" by 500. Grace airily comments that even with the boost "Rise Falcon" only has 600 ATK. Yuto urges Shay to show them the true power of "Rise Falcon" and Yuya tells Shay to stop; he can't fight well while consumed by anger. Shay just activates the effect of "Rise Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to increase its ATK by the total ATK of all Special Summoned monsters his opponent controls. The Overlay Unit explodes in front of "Empress" and "Liger" and light rises from them and suffuses "Rise Falcon" in flames, increasing it to 5900 ATK. Gloria and Grace are floored by the power of the effect of "Rise Falcon" and Allen is surprised at the high ATK. Yuto furiously encourages Shay to go, and Shay declares his Battle Phase, attacking "Amazoness Pet Liger" with "Rise Falcon". "Rise Falcon" swoops above the city and attacks with " Ravaging Rebellion ". Gloria and Grace explain that when "Amazoness Empress" is on the field, "Amazoness" monsters cannot be destroyed by battle and "Empress" leaps in front of "Liger" and generates a force field. Shay reminds the Tyler sisters that they will still take the damage and the shockwave blasts the Tyler sisters back several paces and reduces them to 2500 LP. Yuto notes that "Rise Falcon" can attack all of the opponent's monsters and he urges Shay to finish it. Shay attacks "Empress", but Gloria tells him that it's useless. Grace explains that "Liger" can negate an attack that doesn't target it. "Liger" roars, an oversized image of its head appearing and forcing "Rise Falcon" back, and Yuya gasps, "No way…" Shay admits that the ATK of "Rise Falcon" will now return to normal (in the dub, Shay warns them that they got lucky), Sets a card, and he ends his turn. 
 Grace comments that Shay must be above average for a Resistance member if he was able to accomplish this much, much to Allen and Saya's annoyance. Gloria comments that it's too bad that it was all for nothing, catching the  Clover Branch  students' attention. Grace activates a Continuous Trap Card, " Amazoness Hot Spring ", and she poses refreshingly in front of the image of the card as she explains that once per turn they can regain LP equal to the battle damage that they took. Her and Gloria's LP returns to 5900, and Shay grits his teeth while Yuya laments that the Tyler sisters were able to regain all the LP that they lost. Grace then activates another Continuous Trap, " Amazoness Magic Mirror ", which will allow them to negate battle damage once per turn. Yuya is shocked at the effect and Grace comments that she's sure that Yuya has worked it out by now; Yuya and Shay can't beat them. Gloria comments that it's time to send them to their comrades. 
 She declares her turn and draws, then she attacks "Rise Falcon" with "Liger", increasing the ATK of "Liger" by 500 since it attacked. Shay activates a  Quick-Play Spell Card , " Rank-Up-Magic Escape Force ", negating the attack and then Ranking Up the attack target into an  Xyz Monster  one  Rank  higher. He performs a  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution  to call out the  Rank 5  " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon ". Grace cheekily asks Shay if he forgot about "Amazoness Hall" as the 1000 ATK of "Blaze Falcon" is added to the Tyler sisters' LP, increasing it to 6900. Gloria declares that fools like Shay can just die (in the dub, she says their opponents' LP will get depleted) and she attacks "Blaze Falcon" with "Amazoness Empress" and destroys it. Yuya, Shay, Gong and Sylvio are all blown backwards as they fall to 300 LP; Sylvio and Gong crash into a wall, while Yuya crashes into poor Gong. Shay lands on his feet and activates the effect of the "Raidraptor - Iron Heart" in his Graveyard, using the destroyed "Blaze Falcon" as an Overlay Unit for "Rise Falcon" and Special Summoning "Rise Falcon" from the Graveyard. The effect of "Amazoness Hall" increases the Tyler sisters to 7000 LP and Gloria angrily asks what Shay can even do. Grace comments that this is annoying and she asks Shay why he won't just give up and be sealed in a card like his comrades. 
 This proves to be the wrong thing to say, and Shay, much to the shock of Allen and Saya, declares that the Resistance doesn't know the meaning of those words. He will never give up until he has avenged his comrades, saved  his little sister , and destroyed Duel Academy. Yuya agrees as he rises to his feet, and Yuto states that they will keep fighting until they achieve victory. Yuya weakly whispers Yuto's name as his body trembles (in the dub, they say Grace and Gloria should give up, and Yuya finishes, "for realsies", which is what the dubbed version of Grace says) and Gloria scoffs, ending her turn and noting that even if Yuya and Shay don't give up it'll all be over on Grace's turn. 
 Yuto encourages Yuya to go; it's their turn now. Yuya tells Yuto to wait and to calm down, and Yuto grimly states that he is calm. Yuya admits that he knows that Yuto can't forget about his sealed comrades and reminds him that they will be possessed again if Yuto lets his anger consume him. This time Yuto listens to Yuya, and Yuya asks Yuto and Shay to leave this to him, vowing that he'll answer their feelings. Shay closes his eyes and Yuto agrees. Yuya thanks them both, and he declares his turn and draws.
 He celebrates his drawing of "Smile World", and he uses the already Set Pendulum Scales to Pendulum Summon "Xiangsheng Magician" from his  Extra Deck . As the effect of "Amazoness Hall" increases the Tyler sisters' LP by the 500 ATK of "Xiangsheng Magician", to 7500, Grace reminds Yuya that his Special Summons will simply increase their LP and she asks if they have to keep reminding Yuya. Yuya just activates his Set "Monster Reborn", Special Summoning "Raidraptor - Singing Lanius" from Shay's Graveyard. Gloria is annoyed that Yuya Special Summoned again as she and Grace rise to 7600 LP (in the dub, Gloria is angered at Yuya mocking them). Yuya overlays the Level 4 "Singing Lanius" and "Xiangsheng Magician" and he chants "Formed from pitch-black darkness, to fight those foolish enough to oppose it with its treacherous fangs! Now, descend! Xyz Summon! Appear now! Rank 4!  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon ! ("(Dub) "Cloaked in shadows and relentless in its objective, I call upon the most dangerous of dragons! I Xyz Summon  Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon !") The 2500 ATK of "Dark Rebellion" is added to the Tyler sisters' LP, and Grace flatly tells Yuya that he's not being funny as her and Gloria's LP hits  10100 . Allen and Saya gasp that the Tyler sisters' LP is over 10000 and Gong states that it's insane. Sylvio has finally woken up and he wonders what Yuya will do. Gloria furiously tells Yuya that if he doesn't want to Duel then he should just surrender, and she'll seal Yuya into a card first (in the dub, she angrily calls Yuya the worst Duelist she's ever faced; winning is so easy that it's not even fun). Yuya sheepishly tries to calm Gloria down (in the dub, he replies, "thanks?" in confusion), but Yuto interrupts to ask Yuya how he'll cut down over 10000 LP. Yuya excitedly explains that they can do it if he combines Yuto and Shay's strength, catching Shay's attention. (In the dub, Yuto irritably points out that when Yuya said he'd turn the Duel in their favor, he didn't think that he meant the Tyler sisters'. Yuya replies that he thought right and asks for their help, much to Yuto's surprise.) Yuya looks at "Smile World" and adds that they will also use his father's strength.
 At the Duel Academy Headquarters, a student asks the Commander-in-Chief how they can help him. Aster's throne descends on a pillar and he explains that Yusho Sakaki's son is in  this dimension  and he suggests that they may be able to find something from Yuya's combat record and he requests an investigation. He looks around and wonders where  Noro  is. A student explains that Deputy Commander Noro had business to attend to and left the base. (In the dub, the student declares that Noro told hi not to tell Aster that he had an emergency, before realizing his mistake.) Aster suspiciously asks, "Business? (Oh, is that so? in the dub)" and he narrows his eyes.
 Spotlights snap on Yuya as he calls, "LADIES, AND GENTLEMEN!" He announces that it's finally time for the climax; their opponent's LP has passed the 10000 mark, and he asks his audience to give him a round of applause after he depletes it. Gloria incredulously asks how they are supposed to get rid of it, and asks if Yuya forgot about "Amazoness Curse Mirror". Grace reminds him that it can negate battle damage. Yuya replies that of course he remembers that, but making the impossible possible is the purpose of an entertainer. He bows and then suggests that they set the stage. He activates the Continuous Spell Card "Miracle Rocket Show". To Allen, Saya, and Gloria's shock, bubbles of stars appear and a starscape appears. Gloria asks what it is, but Grace is unfazed and she calls it pretty. Yuya explains that the effect of "Miracle Rocket Show" will prevent his opponent's monsters from being destroyed in battle and reduce the damage that they take to zero. Two rockets appear behind Yuya and Shay as Gloria and Grace gasp in shock. Allen asks Yuya how he can win if he can't inflict damage. Yuya reassures him that watching how is all part of the fun, and he holds up the card in his hand, declaring that this is the Spell Card that is the key to the whole show; "Smile World". 
 Aster angrily asks where Noro is (in the dub, he asks if Noro thinks he can go off on his own, does he?), and the student that he's questioning tries to dodge the question (in the dub he sheepishly replies, "I...guess so?). Fortunately for him another student explains that they've received data from an ongoing Duel. On the viewscreen, Noro is watching as Yuya explains that the effect of "Smile World" (whose colorful smiling shapes have been added to the starscape) will increase the ATK of all monsters on the field by 100 for each monster on the field until the  End Phase ; in other words, 400 ATK. "Liger" rises to 2900 ATK and "Empress" to 3200, while "Rise Falcon" increases to 500 ATK and "Dark Rebellion" to 2900. Aster narrows his eyes and furiously utters "Smile World…" (in the dub, he comments that he's found Yuya.)
 Grace repeats that all of the monsters will increase in ATK and Gloria wonders if Yuya is messing with them (in the dub, she realizes that Yuya's up to something, which he immediately admits to). Yuya replies that of course he isn't; these are all important preparations and with it all ready, he gestures to Shay and winks. Shay activates the effect of "Rise Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to increase the ATK of "Rise Falcon" by the ATK of all Special Summoned monsters his opponent controls. "Rise Falcon" briefly flashes with fire as it absorbs light from "Liger" and "Empress" and rises to 6600 ATK. Yuya asks Yuto if he gets it now and Yuto agrees that he does. They activate the effect of "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon", detaching an Overlay Unit to halve the ATK of a  Level 5  or higher monster their opponent controls and increase the ATK of "Dark Rebellion" by the same amount. "Dark Rebellion" unfolds its wings and blasts lightning at "Amazoness Pet Liger" with "Treason Discharge", halving its ATK to 1450 and increasing "Dark Rebellion" to 4350 ATK. Yuya and Yuto use the other Overlay Unit, further decreasing "Liger" to 725 ATK and increasing "Dark Rebellion" to 5075 ATK. Allen observes that the ATK of Yuya and Shay's monsters have increased (in the dub, he adds that it's pointless), but Gloria snaps that even if Yuya does that the attack will still be negated. 
 Yuya smiles and he declares that the fun has just begun. The rockets open as Yuya explains that "Rise Falcon" has 6600 ATK and "Dark Rebellion" has 5075, and both monsters enter a rocket ship. He asks everyone to please watch this attack; the target – quite literally, as a target appears around its neck – is the 725 ATK "Amazoness Pet Liger". He calls, "Here we go!" and counts down from three to blast off. "Dark Rebellion" grins as its rocket blasts into the sky and the rockets fly through bubbles, releasing more bubbles and explosions of galaxies. Allen and Saya marvel at the spectacle, and even Gloria and Grace are impressed, Grace calling it pretty. The rockets slam into "Amazoness Pet Liger", throwing up an explosion of colorful stars and blinding Gloria and Grace. "Rise Falcon" and "Dark Rebellion" hold up the unharmed "Liger" by the paws and Grace calls it amazing, while Gloria reminds Yuya that the damage was reduced to zero.  Yuya activates the final effect of "Miracle Rocket Show" in response, inflicting effect damage equal to the battle damage that was negated; and a total of 10225 was negated. Yellow light covers "Rise Falcon" and "Dark Rebellion", who spiral into the sky trailing yellow stars and release an explosion of yellow and blue light. Gloria can only ask, "What?! ("No way!" in the dub)" while Grace happily cries, "No waaaaaaaaay! ("Amazing!" in the dub)" as their LP falls to zero. Allen cries that they did it, they depleted all that LP. Saya happily says Yuya's name and Gong and Sylvio are both grinning. Yuya asks if everyone enjoyed the show as Yuto stands beside him with a grin and even Shay cracks a smile. He explains that this was Yusho Sakaki's patented Dueltaining.
 The mention of Yusho Sakaki sends Aster into a rage, and he rises from his throne and he orders everyone to move out and follow him. 
 Gloria and Grace sit down in shock, whispering that the Duel was amazing. Noro slides up behind them and he furiously asks them what they are doing and how they could let the Lancers slip away right in front of them. He orders them to go after them since they can still catch them (in the dub, he also asks what he pays them for, before correcting himself, saying he doesn't pay them). But a voice tells him that they will eliminate them as per the orders of the Professor, and three  Obelisk Force  soldiers step forwards. Noro asks why the Obelisk Force are here.
 
 Featured Duel: Shay Obsidian and Yuya Sakaki vs. Gloria Tyler and Grace Tyler 
       Yuya  and  Shay  vs.  Gloria  and  Grace .     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 This Duel is conducted as a  Tag-Team Duel . Each team shares a  field ,  Graveyard  and  LP .  Card effects  that  target  cards in a player's hand may target their partner's hand.
 Turn 1: Gloria 
 Gloria  activates the  Continuous Spell Card  " Quiet Life ". Neither player can  Normal Summon / Set  on the same  turn  they had  Special Summoned  or Special Summon on the same turn they had Normal Summoned. Gloria activates " Polymerization ",  fusing  " Amazoness Queen " and " Amazoness Swords Woman " in her hand to  Fusion Summon  " Amazoness Empress " (2800/2400) in  Attack Position . Gloria Sets a card.
 Turn 2: Yuya 
 Yuya   draws  " Miracle Rocket Show ", while his hand contains " Performapal Turn Toad ", " Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn ", " Xiangsheng Magician ", " Performapal Monkeyboard " and " Monster Reborn ". Yuya activates "Turn Toad" (   3) and "Odd-Eyes Unicorn" (   8) in his  Pendulum Zones . Yuya  Pendulum Summons  "Xiangsheng Magician" (500/1500) and "Monkeyboard" (1000/2400) from his hand, both in  Defense Position . As she controls an " Amazoness "  monster  and a monster was Special Summoned, Gloria activates the  face-down   Continuous Trap Card  " Amazoness Hall ". Each time Yuya and  Shay  Special Summon a monster(s) while Gloria and Grace control an "Amazoness" monster, their  LP  will increase equal to the combined  ATK  of the monster(s) (Gloria and Grace: 4000 → 5500 LP). Yuya Sets a card.
 Turn 3: Grace 
 Grace  activates "Polymerization", fusing " Amazoness Tiger " and " Amazoness Spy " in her hand to Fusion Summon " Amazoness Pet Liger " (2500/2400) in Attack Position. "Liger"  attacks  "Monkeyboard", with the former gaining 500 ATK during the  Damage Step  only via its own effect ("Amazoness Pet Liger" 2500 → 3000). "Monkeyboard" is  destroyed . The effect of "Empress" allows "Amazoness" monsters to inflict  piercing   battle damage  (Yuya and Shay: 4000 → 3400 LP). "Empress" attacks and destroys "Xiangsheng Magician" (Yuya and Shay: 3400 → 2100 LP). Grace Sets two cards.
 Turn 4: Shay 
Shay draws " Raidraptor - Singing Lanius ". His hand is shown to contain two more copies of "Singing Lanius" and " Raidraptor - Iron Heart ". Shay Pendulum Summons three copies of "Singing Lanius" (100/1800) from his hand, all in Attack Position. The effect of "Amazoness Hall" activates, increasing the sisters' LP by the combined ATK of the Special Summoned monsters (Gloria and Grace: 5500 → 5800 LP). Shay  overlays  his three  Level  4 monsters to  Xyz Summon  " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " (100/2000) in Attack Position (Gloria and Grace: 5800 → 5900 LP). Shay  equips  "Iron Heart" to "Rise Falcon", increasing its ATK by 500 ("Rise Falcon" 100 → 600). Shay activates the effect of "Rise Falcon",  detaching  an  Overlay Unit  to increase its ATK equal to the combined ATK of every Special Summoned monster his opponents control until the  End Phase  ("Rise Falcon" 600 → 5900). "Rise Falcon" attacks "Liger", with the effect of "Empress" preventing its  destruction by battle  (Gloria and Grace: 5900 → 2500 LP). The effect of "Rise Falcon" allows it to attack all monsters the opponent controls, once each. "Rise Falcon" attacks "Empress", but Grace activates the effect of "Liger" to  negate  the attack, as "Liger" was not the  attack target . Shay Sets a card. Grace activates her face-down " Amazoness Hot Spring ". During each End Phase, while she controls an "Amazoness" monster, the sisters can gain LP equal to the amount of battle damage they took in one  battle  this turn (Gloria and Grace: 2500 → 5900 LP). Grace activates her face-down " Amazoness Curse Mirror ". Once per battle during either player's turn, she can reduce the battle damage she would take from a battle to 0.
 Turn 5: Gloria 
Gloria draws " Re-Fusion ". "Liger" attacks "Rise Falcon", ("Liger" 2500 → 3000) but Shay activates his face-down " Rank-Up-Magic Escape Force ", which lets him negate an attack on an Xyz Monster and  Rank it Up . He Ranks Up "Rise Falcon" and performs a  Rank-Up Xyz Evolution  to Special Summon " Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon " (1000/2000) in Attack Position (Gloria and Grace: 5900 → 6900 LP). "Empress" attacks and destroys "Blaze Falcon" (Yuya and Shay: 2100 → 300 LP). As "Iron Heart" was  sent  to the Graveyard this turn, its effect lets Shay target two " Raidraptor " Xyz Monsters in his Graveyard, Special Summon one of them, and  attach  the other to it as an Overlay Unit. He Special Summons "Rise Falcon" (100/2000) and attaches "Blaze Falcon" to it (Gloria and Grace: 6900 → 7000 LP).
 Turn 6: Yuya 
Yuya draws " Smile World ". Yuya Pendulum Summons "Xiangsheng Magician" (500/1500) from his  Extra Deck  in Attack Position (Gloria & Grace: 7000 → 7500 LP). Yuya activates his face-down " Monster Reborn ", letting him Special Summon a monster from either player's Graveyard. He Special Summons "Singing Lanius" (100/1800) from Shay's Graveyard in Attack Position. (Gloria and Grace: 7500 → 7600 LP). Yuya overlays his two Level 4 monsters to Xyz Summon " Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon " (2500/2000) in Attack Position. (Gloria and Grace: 7600 → 10100 LP). Yuya activates the Continuous Spell Card " Miracle Rocket Show ", preventing his opponents' monsters from being destroyed by battle and reducing the battle damage they take to 0. He activates "Smile World", increasing the ATK of all  face-up  monsters on the field by 100 for each face-up monster on either player's field ("Liger" 2500 → 2900, "Empress" 2800 → 3200, "Rise Falcon" 100 → 500, "Dark Rebellion" 2500 → 2900). Yuya activates the effect of "Rise Falcon", detaching an Overlay Unit to increase its ATK equal to the combined ATK of all Special Summoned monsters the sisters control until the End Phase ("Rise Falcon" 500 → 6600). Yuya activates the effect of "Dark Rebellion" twice, detaching an Overlay Unit to halve the ATK of a Level 5 or higher monster on the field while increasing its ATK by the same amount. He targets "Liger" twice ("Liger" 2900 → 1450 → 725, "Dark Rebellion" 2900 → 4350 → 5075). "Rise Falcon" and "Dark Rebellion" attack "Liger". "Miracle Rocket Show" prevents "Liger" from being destroyed by battle and the sisters take no battle damage. At the end of the Battle Phase, Yuya activates the last effect of "Miracle Rocket Show", inflicting  damage  to the sisters equal to the battle damage that was reduced to 0 this turn by its effect (Gloria and Grace: 10100 → 0 LP).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Yuya Sakaki Monsters   
 Pendulum Monsters 
 Performapal Monkeyboard 
 Performapal Odd-Eyes Unicorn 
 Performapal Turn Toad 
 Xiangsheng Magician Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Miracle Rocket Show 
 Monster Reborn 
 Smile World 
 
 Shay Obsidian Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Singing Lanius  x3 Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Blaze Falcon 
 Raidraptor - Rise Falcon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Raidraptor - Iron Heart 
 Rank-Up-Magic Escape Force 
 
 Gloria Tyler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Amazoness Queen 
 Amazoness Swords Woman Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Amazoness Empress Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Re-Fusion 
 Quiet Life 
 Traps 
 Amazoness Hall 
 
 Grace Tyler Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Amazoness Spy 
 Amazoness Tiger Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Amazoness Pet Liger Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Amazoness Spellcaster [notes 1] 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Amazoness Curse Mirror 
 Amazoness Hot Spring 
 
 Aster Phoenix Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Smile World [notes 2] 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover 
 Trivia 
 In the dub, the effect of " Quiet Life " is explained concisely, specifically mentioning  Normal Summoning  and  Special Summoning . Previously, Special Summoning and effects relating to it were not specified as relating to Special Summons in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  dub. This is also one of the few times that the dub mentions Normal Summoning in any series, if not the first. 
 Differences from the preview 
   Shay commands "Rise Falcon" to attack while "Turn Toad" appears on his disk in the preview...   ...but in the episode, it doesn't. 1/2 
 In the preview, when  Shay  commands " Raidraptor - Rise Falcon " to  attack , " Performapal Turn Toad " is seen on his  Duel Disk , while in the episode it isn't.
 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  Italian 
 Calma e Concentrazione!
 
  Italian 
 Le Sorelle Tyler
 
 
  Thai 
 กับดักอะมาซอนเนซ
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   This card can be seen in  Grace 's  hand  before the last  effect  of " Miracle Rocket Show "  activates . 
 
 ↑   Ripped in half, lower part. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 3 episodes 
 #100 " A Warlike Welcome " #101 " Realm of the Cipher Dragon " #102 " Rush for Revenge " #103 " Rise of the Resistance " #104 " Fighting Between The Rubble " #105 " Fighting For Friendship " #106 " An Academic Test " #107 " Belles & Whistles " #108 " Twins with Tudes " #109 " Surprise Showing " #110 " Fenced In " #111 " Last Laugh " #112 " Hat-Trick " #113 " Joy of Revenge " #114 " All Duel Hands on Deck " #115 " Shiver Me Lancers " #116 " A Towering Achievement " #117 " Grip of the Parasite " #118 " Survival of the Fittest " #119 " Family Face Off " #120 " The Battle Beast " #121 " Brand of Misfortune " #122 " Show of Nature " #123 " 123 Fusion Destruction " #124 " Paraside Seeing " #125 " Rise of the Parasites " #126 " An Evil Ascends " #127 " Revival Zero " #128 " What Lurks Beneath " #129 " A Duel Within " #130 " Duel Interrupted " #131 " Sibling Standoff " #132 " Sleight of Hands " #133 " A Father's Finale " #134 " Relentless " #135 " Time to Reunite! " #136 " A Most Brutal Duel " #137 " A Dark Summoning " #138 " Master of Disaster " #139 " Clash Talk " #140 " A Ray of Hope " #141 " Swinging Back into Action " #142 " Deja Duel " #143 " Amateur Hour " #144 " Showtime Showdown " #145 " Closure by Cards " #146 " One Way Street to Defeat " #147 " One Last Duel " #148 " That's a Wrap! " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/42/ArcV_108.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160605170141', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1f/Yuya_%26_Shay_VS_Gloria_%26_Grace.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/220?cb=20160605145648', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1c/Right_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118172122', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c5/Left_Pendulum_Scale.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/16?cb=20150118171744', None, None, 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes