Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Chazz_Princeton


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Chazz Princeton.
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Voice/Mannerism 
 2   Two Blues? 
 3   Only rival to be considered this? 
 4   Why is there so much information here that isn't in the original japanese show? 
 5   Would you consider Manjoume Thunder to be the good foil to S4 Doma/Paradis Mai? 
 
 
 Voice/Mannerism 
 Why doesn't chazz have his own "Voice/Mannerisms" section? Other characters have that part of the article too.  Paradox fan  06:15, 14 June 2009 (UTC)
 
 Manjoume doesn't really have any particularities of his speech worth pointing out.  His catchphase is well covered in the biography section, and his occasional use of "oresama" is nothing noteworthy. As for "Chazz", the less said about him, the better.  He go bye bye!  Danny Lilithborne  07:38, 14 June 2009 (UTC) 
 Two Blues? 
 Are we ever told the names of the two Obelisk Blues who hang around Chazz at the beginning of season one? I can't find anything on them.
 67.142.161.30  ( talk ) 01:10, December 25, 2010 (UTC)-- 67.142.161.30  ( talk ) 01:10, December 25, 2010 (UTC)
 
 Taiyou Torimaki  and  Raizou Mototani . They're never given names in either version of the anime.  Cheesedude  ( talk  •  contribs ) 10:06, December 25, 2010 (UTC) 
 Only rival to be considered this? 
 Should we make note of Chazz being the only main rival in the anime to have never defeated the main male protagonist in any Duels shown within the anime? Kaiba, Jack, and Kite have all been shown to have defeated the main male protagonist in at least one Duel in the anime. Kaiba defeated Yugi in their second Duel against each other, Jack defeated Yusei in a flashback Duel, and Kite defeated Yuma in the series finale of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL . Chazz has never defeated Jaden(either through an on-screen Duel or a flashback Duel) in the anime. He did beat Jaden once in the manga, but that is in a different continuity. Cardsknower  ( talk  •  contribs ) 05:26, September 25, 2012 (UTC)Cardsknower
 
 Chazz or Manjoume in the original, is Judai's rival in the manga, but it is debatable who the main rival in the anime is. In the manga Judai is defeated by Manjoume during a tournament that results in the winner being allowed to duel Zane/Ryo Marufuji. He loses really bad to Ryo but he defiantly beat Judai in order to get there. In the anime Judai has multiple rivals including Ryo who stomps him with Cyber Dragons in season 1. Manjoume is more of a comic relief character and his money is inherited. Kaiba and Jack are wealthy, but they both stole/earned their fortunes on their own. Unlike Manjoume, Ryo most likely is wealthy and it is solely due to his own efforts in the pro league. The rival is usually the one who is at the same level or close to the level of the protagonist. As far as I am concerned Kaiser Ryo is Judai's main rival. They only duel 3 times and Ryo wins the first and third game, while the second results in a draw. Rivals tend to use power decks, and you can't convince me that a guy who uses ojamas is the Kaiba of GX. In the manga he is the rival for sure, but not in the anime.  MalicZarith  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:28, July 2, 2019 (UTC) 
 Why is there so much information here that isn't in the original japanese show? 
 I think this page should focus more on the original Japanese show and less on the dub. I read through this page while watching the subtitled version of the show, and a lot of the information on here was just completely wrong. I can't remember a lot of the specific examples as it has been years, and some of them seem to be changed, but I'm sure that these elements from the dub that weren't in the actual show will be added once more since this page was edited only a week or two ago. After skimming the page the only thing I see that makes no sense to me is stuff regarding his fixation on Asuka/Alexis. He has no interest in her while possessed and leading the society of light, and it talks about her having protests despite the fact that she has no problem with him in the original show. If I keep reading I can likely find more stuff that makes no sense to me as someone who only watched the subbed version. If it isn't in the actual show, but is only in the three seasons of the 4kids dub it should be left out of the article. 
 4kids didn't even bother to make an english version of the forth season. Nothing 4kids added to their butchered version of the show is cannon and it shouldn't be treated as such. I'm not sure if there are people who actually care about the dub, but while may be fun to mock the dub or watch abridged parodies that doesn't mean that the articles should take it seriously. I grew up reading the manga and was pretty surprised that Katsuya Jonouchi's article was named Joey Wheeler. Both names should be in the title so that some fans who didn't watch 4kids know what the article is even talking about. "Chazz Princeton/Jun Manjome" should be the title of this article. Until playing duel links, I didn't even know what the name Chazz Princeton was referring to. Does anyone else think that the dub elements that are not in the Japanese version shouldn't be in the article?
 I am an American and I normally use english names for characters outside of yugioh, but 4kids made a version of the show so separate from the original that they aren't even remotely the same thing. The characters have different personalities and the story is radically altered by all the censorship. Couple this with the fact that they didn't even bother to finish the show, and one can easily come to the conclusion that Chazz Princeton and Jun Manjome are not even the same character. I tried getting through the dub and couldn't even make it to the duel between Jaden and Zane because they made the protagonist's voice was so annoying that I couldn't stand hearing it. My point is not that all dub elements should be missing. The dub name and the original name should be in the title, but if bio information isn't in the sub it should be left out as it is irrelevant and non cannon. I'm sure Jaden/Alexis shippers will continue to add passages where it says that Asuka hates Manjoume, but aside from that I do not understand why anyone would put dub only information in any of these articles.  MalicZarith  ( talk  •  contribs ) 02:16, June 29, 2019 (UTC)
 
 Well this is a fairly old series, and there wasn't much involvement of translating the original episodes, and posting them online. Go on if you have any interest in doing so.  ☺  Energy X  ☻  11:13, June 29, 2019 (UTC) 
 Well I'm definitely interested in helping. I need to finish watching all the shows to really start editing stuff though. I may have to re-watch GX if I'm going to do anything with this page. I'm still on 5ds and I'm watching all the shows in order. MalicZarith  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:17, July 2, 2019 (UTC) 
 Would you consider Manjoume Thunder to be the good foil to S4 Doma/Paradis Mai? 
 Where Mai had to breakdown and suffer a lot to acquire the power she needs to achieve the strongest duel that isolated her from her friends due to her loss to Malik, Manjoume learned how to respect his cards that allowed him to maintain his bonds with his closest friends despite losing to Judai and Daichi. Do you agree?
 
 This is a discussion for forums/threads, not the page's talk page. Thank you.  BlazeWu  ( talk  •  contribs ) 04:01, 13 June 2022 (UTC) 
 
 
 
Categories: