Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_049


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 049 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ＶＳ 影丸 （後編） 三幻魔 覚醒 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Vāsasu Kagemaru (Kōhen) Sangenma Kakusei 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 VS Kagemaru (Part 2) - Awakening of the Three Phantom Demons 
 
 
 English 
 Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 
 
 
 Number 
 049 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 September 7, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 April 3, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Tea Sun In 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " 
 " Magna Chum Laude " 
 
 
 
 
 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 ", known as " VS Kagemaru (Part 2) - Awakening of the Three Phantom Demons " in the Japanese version, is the forty-ninth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on September 7, 2005 and in the US on April 3, 2006.
 Jaden  continues his  Duel  with  Kagemaru , and the latter Summons the third of the  Sacred Beasts , " Raviel, Lord of Phantasms ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Kagemaru 
 3   Differences in adaptations 
 4   Featured cards 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 Kagemaru  has used the  Sacred Beasts  to drain the energy of  Duel Monster Spirits , and has used their power to de-age himself. Kagemaru continues his Duel with  Jaden Yuki , and his " Fallen Paradise "  Field Spell Card  lets him draw  three  cards during his  Draw Phase  so long as he controls at least one Sacred Beast. He currently has two - " Uria, Lord of Searing Flames " and " Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder ". Jaden Summons " Wroughtweiler " and  Sets  a card. Kagemaru attacks with "Hamon", and "Wroughtweiler's" destruction lets Jaden add " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " and " Polymerization " from his  Graveyard  to his  hand , but "Hamon's" effect deals 1000 damage to Jaden, reducing him to 600  Life Points . Kagemaru then attacks  directly  with "Uria", but Jaden activates his face-down " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh " to  Special Summon  " Winged Kuriboh " form his  Deck  to take the hit. This activates the power of the " Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone " that  Professor Banner  had given to Jaden, and it moves from his Deck to this hand.
 
       Kagemaru 's  Shadow Charm Ring.     
 Jaden Summons "Bubbleman", drawing two cards via its effect, and then activates " Metamorphosis ",  Tributing  "Bubbleman" to Special Summon " Neo Bubbleman " from his  Fusion Deck  in  Attack Position . He  equips  it with " Bubble Blaster ", increasing its attack by 800, and then attacks "Hamon". This activates  "Neo Bubbleman's" effect, destroying any monster it battles with, while "Bubble Blaster" lets Jaden  negate  the  Battle Damage  that Jaden would have taken and save "Neo Bubbleman" from destruction by sending it to the Graveyard. With "Hamon" destroyed, Jaden Sets a card and ends this turn. Kagemaru attacks with "Uria", and Jaden activates his face-down " Bubble Illusion ", letting him activate a  Trap Card  from his hand. He chooses " Hero's Rule 1: Five Freedoms ", and declares Trap, meaning both players must  remove  up to five Traps in their Graveyards from play. With no Traps in Kagemaru's Graveyard, "Uria's" attack becomes zero, and allows "Neo Bubbleman" to destroy it. Kagemaru activates " Resurrection Tribute ", destroying "Neo Bubbleman" and Special Summoning "Hamon" from his Graveyard. He then discards " Cemetary Bomb " to Special Summon "Uria" from his Graveyard, though its defense is only 1000. With both of them out, Kagemaru activates " Phantasmal Martyrs ", discarding " The Creator " and " Divine Wrath " to Special Summon three " Phantasmal Martyr Tokens ", which he Tributes to Special Summon the third Sacred Beast, " Raviel, Lord of Phantasms ". The DEF of "Uria" increases by 1000 due the presence of another Trap in Kagemaru's Graveyard.
 
       Two young boys watch on as the power of the  Sacred Beasts  drain the spirits of the cards in the display case of the  Kame Game .     
 With all three Sacred Beasts on the field, their power increases, and Kagemaru drains further energy from cards around the world. Cards in the display case of  Solomon Muto 's  Kame Game  shop are shown fading away, as well as cards owned by  Slade  and  Jagger Princeton .  Chazz Princeton 's " Ojama Yellow " has literally turned into a skeleton as  his card form  is fully drained. Jaden begins his turn, activating " Dark Factory of Mass Production " to add " Elemental HERO Avian " and " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " from his Graveyard to his hand. He then plays "Polymerization" to fuse the two and Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman ". With a new monster Summoned to Jaden's field, "Raviel's" effect activates, Summoning a " Phantasm Token " to Kagemaru's field. Jaden knows he can destroy "Uria" with "Flame Wingman", but the other Sacred Beasts would reduce his Life Points to zero on Kagemaru's turn.  Pharaoh  arrives, chasing a small orb of yellow light, from which comes the voice of Professor Banner, the orb apparently being his soul. He tells Jaden to use "Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone", and explains that the card will allow him to think of any card in his  Deck  and "Sabatiel" will temporarily transform into that card (in Yu-Gi-Oh! video games this effect is replicated by allowing the player to move a card from their Deck to their hand) at the cost of half of Jaden's Life Points. Once this effect has been used three times, the true effect of the card may be activated. Jaden thinks of " Fusion Recovery " and finds that Banner was telling the truth. Playing it, he adds " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand and then plays the latter to fuse the former with "Flame Wingman" to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman ", whose attack increases to 4600 due to the seven " Elemental Heroes " in Jaden's Graveyard. Another "Phantasm Token" is Summoned to Kagemaru's field via "Raviel's" effect.
 
       Professor Banner 's last gift to Jaden - " Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone ".     
 Jaden attacks "Hamon", but as "Shining Flare Wingman's" effect activates to inflict damage to Kagemaru, "Hamon's" shattered pieces intercept the effect, and Kagemaru explains that should "Hamon" be destroyed while in Defense Position, he can negate Effect Damage for this turn. Jaden uses this moment to choose "Sabatiel's" second transformation, which he Sets face-down to end his turn. Kagemaru switches "Uria" to Attack Position and then Tributes his two "Phantasm Tokens" via "Raviel's" effect, increasing the latter's ATK by the ATK of the Tributed monsters. He attacks "Shining Flare Wingman", and Jaden reveals his second "Sabatiel" transformation to have been " De-Fusion " which splits "Shining Flare Wingman" into "Flame Wingman" and "Sparkman", both in Defense Position, though two "Phantasm Tokens" are Summoned to Kagemaru's field. Kagemaru attacks and destroys them with "Raviel" and "Uria", respectively.
 
         " Sabatiel - The Philsopher's Stone " changes form and allows " Elemental HERO Electrum " to quintuple its ATK.     
 Jaden Summons " Elemental HERO Clayman ", allowing Kagemaru to Summon one more "Phantasm Token". Jaden uses his third wish, and immediately plays it - " Miracle Fusion ". This lets him remove the "Clayman" on his field and the "Bubbleman", "Avian" and "Burstinatrix" in his Graveyard from play to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Electrum ". With it having been used three times, Jaden can now activate the second effect of "Sabatiel" - it equips to "Electrum" and multiplies its ATK by the number of monsters on Kagemaru's field. This means its ATK rises to 14,500. Jaden attacks "Raviel", winning the Duel. The Duel Spirits flood out of Kagemaru's body, and the cards around the world are restored, while "Sabatiel" dissolves in Jaden's hand. Without the power of the Sacred Beasts, Kagemaru reverts to his true, elderly age. He asks for forgiveness, and Jaden encourages him to literally stand on his own two feet, after Kagemaru had said that he could not. He does so, and believes that the Duel with Jaden allowed him to regain his own energy. Jaden gives him a hug, but ends up hurting the old man's back in doing so, and he has to be air-lifted via helicopter to a hospital.  Chancellor Sheppard  places the Sacred Beast cards back in their resting place, and the seven pillars sink back into the ground.  Dr. Crowler  reminds everyone that the promotion exams are next week, and Jaden is immediately more nervous than he ever was during his fight to save the world.
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Kagemaru 
 Turn continues from  the previous episode .
 Jaden has 1600 Life Points remaining and controls no cards.
 Kagemaru has 2900 Life Points remaining and controls "Uria, Lord of Searing Flames" (5000/5000) and "Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder" (4000/4000) in Attack Position and "Fallen Paradise".
 Turn 6: Kagemaru 
Because " Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder " was summoned on the turn Kagemaru  Special Summoned  " Uria, Lord of Searing Flames " from his  Graveyard  through its own effect, "Uria" may not attack this turn, so Kagemaru ends his turn.
 Turn 7: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Wroughtweiler " (800/1200) in  Defense Position  and  Set  a card.
 Turn 8: Kagemaru 
Kagemaru draws. He then activates the effect of " Fallen Paradise " to  draw  two cards during his  Main Phase . "Hamon" attacks and destroys "Wroughtweiler". The effect of "Hamon" then activates (Jaden 1600 → 600). Since "Wroughtweiler" was destroyed, its effect activates, letting Jaden add " Polymerization " and " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " from his Graveyard to his  hand . 
 "Uria" attacks directly, but Jaden activates his face-down " The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh " to Special Summon " Winged Kuriboh " (300/200) from his  Deck  in Defense Position. A replay occurs and Kagemaru uses "Uria" to attack and destroy Winged Kuriboh". Since "Winged Kuriboh" was destroyed, the effect of " Sabatiel - The Philsopher's Stone " activates, allowing Jaden to add "Sabatiel - The Philsopher's Stone" from his Deck to his hand.
 Turn 9: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Bubble Illusion ". He the Normal Summons "Elemental Hero Bubbleman" (800/1200) in Attack Position. Since "Bubbleman" was summoned while Jaden had no cards on his side of the field, its second effect activates, letting him draw two cards. [Notes 1] 
 Jaden then  activates  " Metamorphosis " to send "Bubbleman" to the Graveyard and Special Summon " Elemental HERO Neo Bubbleman " (800/1200) in Attack Position. [Notes 2]  This monster is treated as "Bubbleman" while face-up on the field. He then activates " Bubble Blaster ", equipping it to "Neo Bubbleman" and increasing its ATK by 800 ("Neo Bubbleman": 800 → 1600/1200). 
 "Neo Bubbleman" attacks "Hamon". Jaden then destroys "Bubble Blaster" via its second effect to prevent "Neo Bubbleman" from being destroyed and reduce all the Battle Damage that he would take to 0. Since "Hamon" battled with "Neo Bubbleman", the latter's final effect activates, destroying "Hamon" at the end of the Damage Step. Jaden then Sets a card.
 Turn 10: Kagemaru 
Kagemaru draws. He then activates the effect of "Fallen Paradise" to  draw  two cards during his  Main Phase . "Uria" attacks "Neo Bubbleman", but Jaden activates his face-down "Bubble Illusion" to let him activate " Hero's Rule 1: Five Freedoms " from his hand, allowing Jaden to remove the five Trap Cards in Kagemaru's Graveyard from play ("Uria, Lord of Searing Flames": 5000 → 0/5000 → 0). "Neo Bubbleman" destroys "Uria" (Kagemaru 2900 → 2100). Kagemaru then activates " Resurrection Tribute " to destroy "Neo Bubbleman" and Special Summon "Hamon" (4000/4000) from his Graveyard in Defense Position, ignoring the summoning conditions. 
 Kagemaru then activates "Uria's" third effect to discard " Cemetary Bomb " and Special Summon "Uria" from the Graveyard (0 → 1000/0 → 1000) in Defense Position. [Notes 3] [Notes 4] 
 Kagemaru then activates " Phantasmal Martyrs " to discard " The Creator " and " Divine Wrath " and Special Summon three " Phantasmal Martyr Tokens " (0/0) in Attack Position [Notes 5]  ("Uria, Lord of Searing Flames": 1000 → 2000/1000 → 2000). [Notes 4]  Kagemaru then  Tributes  his three "Phantasmal Martyr Tokens" in order to Special Summon " Raviel, Lord of Phantasms " (4000/4000) in Attack Position.
 Turn 11: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Dark Factory of Mass Production " and subsequently activates it to return " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " and " Elemental HERO Avian " from his Graveyard to his hand. Jaden then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Avian" and "Burstinatrix" together and  Fusion Summon  " Elemental HERO Flame Wingman " (2100/1200) in Attack Position. Since Jaden summoned a monster, the first effect of "Raviel" ativates, Special Summoning a " Phantasm Token " (1000/1000) to Kagemaru's side of the field in Defense Position. [Notes 6] 
 Jaden then activates "Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone" to pay half his  Life Points  (Jaden 600 → 300) and swap "Sabatiel" with the " Fusion Recovery " in his Deck. Jaden then activates "Fusion Recovery" to return " Elemental HERO Sparkman " and "Polymerization" from his Graveyard to his hand. "Sabatiel" is added to Jaden's hand via its own effect after "Fusion Recovery" resolves. 
 Jaden then activates "Polymerization" to fuse "Sparkman" with "Flame Wingman" in order to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman " (2500/2100) in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Shining Flare Wingman", it gains 300 ATK for each Elemental Hero in Jaden's Graveyard. There are currently seven ("Shining Flare Wingman": 2500 → 4600/2100). The first effect of "Raviel" activates, letting Kagemaru Summon another "Phantasm Token" (1000/1000) in Defense Position. [Notes 6] 
 "Shining Flare Wingman" attacks and destroys "Hamon". Since "Shining Flare Wingman" destroyed a monster in battle and sent it to the Graveyard, its effct activates, inflicting damage to Kagemaru equal to the original ATK of "Hamon", but due to the last effect of "Hamon", Kagemaru takes no further damage this turn. [Notes 7]  Jaden activates "Sabatiel" to pay half his Life Points (Jaden 300 → 150) and swap "Sabatiel" with a Spell Card from his Deck. Jaden then Sets a card.
 Turn 12: Kagemaru 
Kagemaru draws. He then activates the effect of "Fallen Paradise" to  draw  two cards during his  Main Phase . Kagemaru then switches "Uria" to Attack Position. He then activates the second effect of "Raviel" to Tribute his two "Phantasm Tokens" and increase the ATK of "Raviel" by the ATK of the Tributed monsters until the End Phase ("Raviel, Lord of Phantasms": 4000 → 6000/4000). [Notes 8] 
 "Raviel" attacks "Shining Flare Wingman", but Jaden activates his face-down " De-Fusion " to return "Shining Flare Wingman" to the Fusion Deck and Special Summon "Flame Wingman" (2100/1200) and "Sparkman" (1600/1400) from the Graveyard in Defense Position. "Sabatiel" returns to Jaden's hand via its own effect after "De-Fusion" resolves. The first effect of "Raviel" activates, letting Kagemaru Special Summon two more "Phantasm Tokens" (1000/1000 for both) in Defense Position. [Notes 6]  A  replay  then occurs and Kagemaru uses "Raviel" to attack and destroy "Flame Wingman". "Uria" attacks and destroys "Sparkman".
 Turn 13: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental HERO Clayman " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/2000) in Attack Position. The first effect of "Raviel" then activates, letting Kagemaru Summon yet another "Phantasm Token" (1000/1000) in Defense Position. Jaden then activates "Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone" to pay half his Life Points (Jaden 150 → 75) and swap "Sabatiel" with the " Miracle Fusion " from his Deck. 
 Jaden then activates "Miracle Fusion" to  remove  from play "Clayman", "Bubbleman", "Avian" and "Burstinatrix" from his field and Graveyard in order to Fusion Summon " Elemental HERO Electrum " (2900/2600) in Attack Position. [Notes 9]  After "Miracle Fusion" resolves, "Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone" is added from Jaden's Deck to his hand. 
 Since Jaden used the first effect of "Sabatiel" three times, Jaden activates the final effect of "Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone" to multiply the ATK of "Electrum" by the number of monsters that Kagemaru controls. Kagemaru currently controls five monsters ("Electrum": 2900 → 14500/2600). "Electrum" attacks and destroys "Raviel" (Kagemaru 2100 → 0).
 
 Differences in adaptations 
 In the English version, the  effect  of " Sabatiel - The Philsopher's Stone " that transforms it into other cards is known as a "card covet", a term not present in the Japanese version. 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Elemental HERO Sparkman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 Wroughtweiler Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Electrum 
 Elemental HERO Flame Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Neo Bubbleman 
 Elemental HERO Shining Flare Wingman 
 Elemental HERO Tempest [Notes 10] Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Blaster 
 Bubble Illusion 
 Dark Factory of Mass Production 
 De-Fusion 
 Fusion Recovery 
 Metamorphosis 
 Miracle Fusion 
 Polymerization 
 Sabatiel - The Philosopher's Stone 
 The Flute of Summoning Kuriboh 
 Traps 
 Hero's Rule 1: Five Freedoms 
 
 Kagemaru Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 The Creator 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Fallen Paradise 
 Phantasmal Martyrs 
 Resurrection Tribute 
 Traps 
 Cemetary Bomb 
 Divine Wrath 
 
 Chazz Princeton Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Yellow 
 
 Card Shop Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Airknight Parshath 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 Black Tyranno 
 Breaker the Magical Warrior 
 Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Emes the Infinity 
 Fushioh Richie 
 Ghost Knight of Jackal 
 Gilford the Lightning 
 Guardian Sphinx 
 Kaiser Seahorse 
 Mobius the Frost Monarch 
 Perfect Machine King 
 The Creator 
 The End of Anubis 
 Thestalos the Firestorm Monarch 
 Valkyrion the Magna Warrior 
 
 Briefcase Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Hyozanryu 
 Red-Eyes Black Dragon 
 Ruby Dragon 
 Tri-Horned Dragon 
 Effect Monsters 
 Barrel Dragon 
 Chaos Emperor Dragon - Envoy of the End 
 Different Dimension Dragon 
 Fusilier Dragon, the Dual-Mode Beast 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Rare Metal Dragon 
 Victory Dragon Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Black Skull Dragon 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , the  effect  of " Elemental Hero Bubbleman " only  activates  when you have no cards in your  hand  and on your side of the  Field  when he is Summoned. 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Elemental Hero Neo Bubbleman " is not a  Fusion Monster . 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Uria, Lord of Searing Flames " does not have a resurrection effect. 
 
 ↑  4.0   4.1   In the  TCG / OCG , the  DEF  of "Uria" do not increase with the amount of  Trap Cards  in the  Graveyard , so they would remain at zero. 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , one must  discard  their entire hand as a  cost  to activate " Phantasmal Martyrs ". 
 
 ↑  6.0   6.1   6.2   In the  TCG / OCG , the effect of " Raviel, Lord of Phantasms " only activates when the opponent performs a  Normal Summon 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , " Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder " does not have this effect. 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , one may only  Tribute  one  monster  per turn via the effect of "Raviel". 
 
 ↑   In the  TCG / OCG , the effect of " Elemental Hero Electrum " would have activated here, returning all  removed from play  cards to their owner's Decks 
 
 ↑   This card is shown in Jaden's Graveyard when he counts up the number of Elemental Hero monsters in his Graveyard. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/31/Series049.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20121021232533', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/12/Shadow_Charm_Ring.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20081228105843', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9c/KameGameDrainedGX49.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130102225903', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/86/SabatielthePhilosopher%27sStone-JP-Anime-GX.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20080131002313', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/54/ElementalHEROElectrum-JP-Anime-GX-NC-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140617010939']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes