Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Gorgonic


 
 Gorgonic 
 ゴルゴニック  ( Gorugonikku ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Gorgonic Gargoyle ", " Gorgonic Golem " and " Gorgonic Guardian " in the artwork of " Gorgonic Ritual " 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Gorgonique 
 
 
 German 
 Gorgonischer 
 
 
 Italian 
 Gorgonico 
 
 
 Korean 
 고르고닉   Goreugonik   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Gorgônico 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Gorgónica Gorgónico 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Legacy of the Valiant 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 " Gorgonic " (ゴルゴニック  Gorugonikku ) is a  series  ( archetype  in the anime) of  DARK   Rock   monsters  used by  Abyss  and  Rio Kastle  while she was under the former's control and by  Vector  in his past life in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime.
 Very similar to the " Reptilianne " archetype, this archetype focuses on reducing opposing monsters'  ATK  to 0.
 
 Members 
 
 
 Gorgonic 
 Origin
 
 
 Cerberus 
 Cerberus 
 
 
 Gargoyle 
 Gargoyle 
 
 
 Ghoul 
 Ghoul 
 
 
 Golem 
 Golem 
 
 
 Guardian 
 Medusa 
 
 Strategy 
 "Gorgonics" possess a variety of effects focused on  Swarming , disruption and  Xyz Summoning  mostly Rank 3 monsters. " Gorgonic Golem " can make the ATK of any monster that destroyed it to 0, making the opposition extremely weak unless removed from the field, also "Golem" can be banished from the Graveyard to target a Set Spell or Trap card the opponent controls and prevent it from being used in that turn with also the ability to prevent the opponent from using that card in response, effectively shutting down undesirable resistance. " Gorgonic Gargoyle " can be Special Summoned when any Rock monster is  Normal Summoned  allowing for quick Xyz Summon, unless " Gorgonic Ghoul " is used although this can be mitigated with cards like " Genex Ally Birdman ". "Ghoul" can be  Special Summoned  from the hand by controlling one Ghoul on the field and paying the small amount of 300 Life Points, and this effect can be used twice per turn. This effect can be extremely dangerous if not stopped, because with three "Ghouls", one can easily Summon " Number 54: Lion Heart " whose powerful effects can deal extreme damage to the opponent while it cannot be destroyed by battle, or if one manages to protect the three "Ghouls" and Summon " Gorgonic Cerberus ", turn them all into Level 3 monsters allowing the Summon of two Rank 3 monsters. This play can also easily be performed with revival cards such as " Call of the Haunted " or " Pinpoint Guard " provided one has a "Ghoul" in Graveyard, and the two other "Ghouls" in the hand and "Cerberus" available to Normal Summon.
 Their boss monsters " Gorgonic Guardian " possess a powerful  control   Quick Effect , that allows it to make the ATK of one monster the opponent controls to 0 and also negate its effects until the end of the turn, while also a potent effect that allows it to destroy a monster with 0 ATK which requires no Xyz Material to use, making it a deadly force.
 Other monsters that can be used to great effect are " Crane Crane " whose effect can Special Summon a Level 3 monster from the Graveyard for another Rank 3 monster, " Dark Armed Dragon " as most DARK based Decks, " Gaia Plate the Earth Giant " as another albeit more costly beatstick with a disrupting effect and also "Genex Ally Birdman" which can serve as a Xyz or Synchro Material for the  Synchro Summon  of different monsters ranging from Level 4 (with "Ghoul") up to Level 11 (with "Gaia Plate") being capable of Summoning powerful monsters like " Armory Arm " or " Star Eater " for more destructive potential.
 As an alternative to both "Ghoul" and "Cerberus", one can use " Chronomaly Crystal Bones " and " Chronomaly Crystal Skull " for a more reliably engine to Summon "Guardian" or any other Rank 3 monster. " Sentry Soldier of Stone " is another great addition for Rank 3 builds. Other cards that can be included to maintain advantage or disrupt the opponent are " Neo-Spacian Grand Mole " and " Legendary Jujitsu Master ".
 
 
 Deck Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Gem-Knight Lapis 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gorgonic Cerberus 
 Gorgonic Gargoyle 
 Gorgonic Ghoul 
 Gorgonic Golem 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Edge Imp Sabres 
 Chronomaly Crystal Bones 
 Chronomaly Crystal Skull 
 Crane Crane 
 Gaia Plate the Earth Giant 
 Legendary Jujitsu Master 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Neo-Spacian Grand Mole 
 Predaplant Chlamydosundew 
 Rescue Rabbit 
 Sentry Soldier of Stone Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Evil HERO Dark Gaia 
 Gem-Knight Zirconia 
 Predaplant Chimerafflesia 
 Starving Venom Fusion Dragon 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gorgonic Guardian 
 Chronomaly Crystal Chrononaut 
 Giant Soldier of Steel 
 Number 17: Leviathan Dragon 
 Number 30: Acid Golem of Destruction 
 Number 51: Finisher the Strong Arm 
 Number 54: Lion Heart Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Attack the Moon! 
 Catapult Zone 
 Dark Fusion / Dark Calling 
 Frightfur Patchwork 
 Fusion Substitute / Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Back to the Front 
 Call of the Haunted 
 DNA Surgery 
 (to declare Rock-type)
 
 Magnet Force 
 Metamorphortress 
 Pinpoint Guard 
 Release from Stone 
 Rock Bombardment 
 Weaknesses 
 "Gorgonics" and most Level 3 monsters the Deck can use tend to have weak stats, also they are very reliant on relatively specific setups such as having " Gorgonic Gargoyle " with any other Rock monster or " Chronomaly Crystal Skull " in the Graveyard for the effect of " Chronomaly Crystal Bones ", also while " Gorgonic Guardian " can be powerful, at 1600 ATK it is easy prey for Decks that can swarm monsters with higher ATK values.
 Cards that can help mitigate this problem are " Solidarity " or Trap Cards like " Waboku ", " Mirror Force " and other staples. The former can be ineffective if one uses other monsters apart from Rock monsters, and the latter focus on Trap Cards can be stopped with " Trap Stun " or " Royal Decree ".
 "Gorgonics" and their external support tend to be reliant on their effects to maintain advantage, as such cards like " Skill Drain " can put the Deck on a tough situation.
 
   
" Gorgonic " 「ゴルゴニック」 Members 
 Gorgonic Cerberus Gorgonic Gargoyle Gorgonic Ghoul Gorgonic Golem Gorgonic Guardian 
 
 v e 
" Gorgonic " 「ゴルゴニック」 a   Members 
 Gorgonic Cerberus Gorgonic Gargoyle Gorgonic Ghoul Gorgonic Golem Gorgonic Guardian Gorgonic Pile Gorgonic Ritual Gorgonic Temptation 
 Support 
 Gorgonic Gargoyle Gorgonic Pile Gorgonic Temptation 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/4c/GorgonicRitual-OW.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20150205203058', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/90/Broom_icon.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/35?cb=20070612131135']
Categories: Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Xyz Monster(s), Articles needing cleanup