Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Talk:Life_Stream_Dragon_(character)


 
 
 This is the talk page for discussing the page, Life Stream Dragon (character).
 
 
 
 
 This page is for discussion about the article, not general talk about its subject.
 See the  Forums  for general discussion. 
 Please sign and date your posts  by typing four tildes ( ~~~~ ). 
 Put new text under old text.  Click here to start a new topic . 
 
 
 Please try to
 
 Be polite 
 Assume good faith 
 Be welcoming 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives
 
 
 
 Archive 1 
 
 TRUE Name Confirmed (finally) 
 W-Jump Confirms "Golden Gaia Dragon's" True Name as "Life Stream Dragon" 
 "Life Stream Dragon" 
I like Golden Gaia much more, it's like Smugleaf all over again.  LeArk put up the confirmation from W-Jump, I guess people have to stop using Golden Gaia now, which is a shame.  I guess I can keep the name for my own personal card design.  Obviously, the page will have to be moved to the correct name now (I would have except for the lock).  BTW-- This is long  AFTER  the producer already confirmed in his own words that "Life Stream Dragon" would finally have his shot in December or January.  That means the Jack/Twins vs Aporia Duel.   ShinobiPhoenix  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:19, December 27, 2010 (UTC)
 
 And most of us are now fully expecting "Life Stream Dragon" to be in Extreme Victory (even though it should be a Cover Card) since EXVC is surely the last (full) 5D's set.   ShinobiPhoenix  ( talk  •  contribs ) 15:36, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 How do we know that Life Stream Dragon is meant to be this Dragon?  Dark-Shimy  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:24, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 You can ask LeArk for a complete translation or I will do it myself and post it here, but it's referring directly to the "Yellow Dragon" (as they call it in Japan, we're the one who keep saying "Fifth Dragon.")  Yellow Dragon was spoken of just 2 weeks ago because the producer of the show PROMISED they would somewhat resolve the "Yellow Dragon" issue before the show ends (see also:  no Fire Dragon or Colorless, Chaos King of Dark World) and it would appear again in December or January.   ShinobiPhoenix  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:29, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 It is also supposed to appear in a card form? If that, then we'll have to move this to Life Stream Dragon (character) and make a Life Stream Dragon card article.  Dark-Shimy  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:37, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 That's still completely unknown.  We just hope it will be in Extreme Victory (last chance for it besides promos).  No one is saying it will for sure.  What we have is what we have, so no need to do any Card v. Character page stuff yet.  That said, seeing as we're expecting it for Jack and Twins vs Aporia and we know Rua screws up and Jack and Ruka get hurt, that's most likely for it to show.  So that would be when the card should show up.  Still, we have to get there and see it for ourselves first and that isn't for a few weeks.   ShinobiPhoenix  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:43, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 And looks like someone already did the work on that.   5D's Episode 143 - "The Miracle of Life! Life Stream Dragon!!"  if true on that title, would be it.  Could also be a troll due to the new information out now.  Patience as usual will prove the victor.   ShinobiPhoenix  ( talk  •  contribs ) 18:53, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 That page title was edited by an IP address and they didn't leave a source, so I'd say we should just assume troll until proven otherwise. But yeah, so much for not needing any card vs. character page stuff yet. -- Blackstone Dresden  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:01, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 The pic link, see at the top of this talk page, there are the titles for episodes 142 and 143.  Dark-Shimy  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:04, December 27, 2010 (UTC)
 My mistake, but I can't read Japanese, so I had no way of knowing just what in the name of the deity of your choice was on that page. -- Blackstone Dresden  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:08, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 Not many of us can, I was still waiting for LeArk to give me a full trans, but I hadn't noticed there were dates for Episodes.  I guess now just need someone to make the Card Page (not that we have anything to go on except assuming it will be all the same stats as Power Tool, minus being a Machine of course, but that would be gross speculation at this point).  Time to edit the links... AGAIN.  I'm not making the Card Page though, I still suck at those.   ShinobiPhoenix  ( talk  •  contribs ) 19:12, December 27, 2010 (UTC) 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/9e/Icon-Archive.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/65?cb=20080625172037']
Categories: