Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yuma_and_Astral


 
 Yuma and Astral 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 九十九遊馬 & アストラル 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Noah Benjamin (Yuma) [1] Marc Thompson (Astral) 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Tasuku Hatanaka (Yuma) Miyu Irino (Astral) 
 
 
 
 Yuma and Astral  are a pair of characters who function as a single playable  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Yuma Tsukumo  and  Astral , characters from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. 
 They only appears in-game after the player claims his Character Unlock Mission reward for Summoning 2  Level  4 monsters in one duel after the player reaches Stage 9 in Duel World (DM). Unlocking Yuma and Astral also unlocks Duel World (ZEXAL).
 Red  Gate Keys  are required to Duel Yuma and Astral at the  Gate .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Special Event/Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 
 4   Level-Up Rewards 
 5   Duel rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Skill-Specific 
 9   Unused Dialogue 
 10   Trivia 
 
 
 Description 
 Yuma Tsukumo's dream is to become a Duel Champion, and meeting the highly-talented Astral from Astral World just might be the ticket! They would be the perfect team... if they could only get along!  Still, they need to work together if they want to gather Numbers - which are manifestations of Astral's lost memories. To make that happen, Yuma ready to feel the flow and take on any challenger! Their ace monster is "Number 39: Utopia".
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Cut-In Summoning Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Yuma and Astral Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Barrel Rock  x3 
 LaLa Li-Oon  x3 
 Prisman  x3 
 Shining Friendship  x3 
 Wattkid  x3 Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Banner of Courage  x2 
 Cross Attack 
 Traps 
 Goblin Out of the Frying Pan  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 I'm feelin' the flow! Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Acorno  x3 
 Interceptomato  x3 
 Kurivolt  x3 
 Overlay Eater  x3 
 Pinecono  x3 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Baby Tiragon Spells  (5) &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Cross Attack  x2 
 Level Lifter  x2 
 Thunder Short 
 Level 20 
 
 High Five the Sky Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Achacha Chanbara  x3 
 Cardcar D 
 Chow Chow Chan 
 Crane Crane 
 Damage Mage  x2 
 Flelf  x3 
 Kagemucha Knight 
 Mimimic 
 Spell Recycler  x2 Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Humhumming the Key Djinn 
 Melomelody the Brass Djinn 
 Muzurhythm the String Djinn 
 Number 34: Terror-Byte Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Cross Attack 
 Level Lifter 
 Thunder Short 
 Traps 
 Goblin Out of the Frying Pan 
 Xyz Revenge Shuffle 
 Level 30 
 
 Beginning of the Journey Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Gagaga Child  x2 
 Gagaga Clerk  x2 
 Gagaga Girl  x2 
 Gagaga Magician  x3 
 Gagaga Mancer 
 Magical Undertaker  x2 
 Overlay Owl 
 Tatakawa Knight Extra Deck  (3) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 One-Eyed Skill Gainer 
 Zubaba General Spells  (5) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Gagaga Academy Emergency Network 
 Gagagaback 
 Gagagadraw  x2 
 Reverse Breaker 
 Traps 
 Puzzle Reborn 
 Level 40 
 
 The Power of Hope Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Bull Blader 
 Dododo Bot 
 Dodododwarf Gogogoglove 
 Gagaga Girl  x2 
 Gagaga Magician  x2 
 Gagaga Sister 
 Gogogo Giant 
 Gogogo Golem 
 Kagetokage 
 Zubaba Knight 
 Zubababancho Gagagacoat  x2 Extra Deck  (5) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gagaga Cowboy 
 Gagaga Samurai 
 Number 39: Utopia  x2 
 Zubaba General Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Gagaga Academy Emergency Network 
 Gagagabolt 
 Onomatopaira 
 Xyz Revenge 
 Traps 
 Damage Diet 
 Xyz Reborn 
 Special Event/Tag Duel Tournament 
 Opponent 
 
 We're Feeling the Flow! Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Crane Crane 
 Dododo Bot 
 Dododo Warrior 
 Dododo Witch 
 Dotedotengu 
 Gagaga Caesar 
 Gagaga Girl 
 Gagaga Magician 
 Ganbara Knight 
 Goblindbergh 
 Kagetokage 
 Rai Rider 
 Zubaba Buster 
 Zubaba Knight Extra Deck  (5) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Gagaga Cowboy 
 Melomelody the Brass Djinn 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 One-Eyed Skill Gainer 
 Temtempo the Percussion Djinn Spells  (2) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Gagaga Academy Emergency Network 
 Reverse Breaker 
 Traps 
 Damage Diet 
 Ghost of a Grudge 
 Goblin Out of the Frying Pan 
 Puzzle Reborn 
 Partner 
 
 We're Feeling the Flow! Monsters  (13) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Kagetokage 
 Gagaga Magician 
 Gagaga Girl 
 Goblindbergh  x2 
 Utopic Onomatopoeia  x3 
 Zubababancho Gagagacoat 
 Dodododwarf Gogogoglove 
 Gogogo Golem  x2 
 Dododo Bot Extra Deck  (7) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 39: Utopia 
 Number C39: Utopia Ray 
 Gagaga Cowboy 
 Gagaga Samurai 
 Zubaba General 
 Maestroke the Symphony Djinn 
 One-Eyed Skill Gainer Spells  (3) &  Traps  (4) 
 Spells 
 Gagagabolt 
 Onomatopaira 
 Swords of Revealing Light 
 Traps 
 Halfway to Forever 
 Hi-Five the Sky 
 Impenetrable Attack  x2 
 Level-Up Rewards 
 The following lists are the rewards the player accumulates from having Yuma and Astral reach a certain Level.
 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Zubaba Knight "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Yuma and Astral)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Gagaga Child "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Yuma and Astral)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Gagaga Girl "
 
 
 11
 
 1 SR/UR Choice Ticket
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Ready For Victory ( Skill )
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Zubaba Knight "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Gagaga Child "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Gagaga Girl "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Duel Fuel ( Skill )
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Temtempo the Percussion Djinn "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Zubaba Knight "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Gagaga Child "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Yuma and Astral)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Gagaga Girl "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Zubaba General "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Double or Nothing! "
 
 
 Duel rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Yuma and Astral, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Gagaga Magician "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gogogo Golem "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Temtempo the Percussion Djinn "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Reload "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Gamushara "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Dimension Gate "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Ghost of a Grudge "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Cross Attack "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Goblin Out of the Frying Pan "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Commander of Swords "
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Warrior of Hope: Number 39
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, add 1 " Number 39: Utopia " to your Extra Deck.
 Can be used when your Life Points decrease by 2000. Return 1 "Number 39: Utopia" from your Graveyard to your Extra Deck.
 
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Ready For Victory
 
 Can be used if you control 2 or more monsters with the same Level. During this turn, the ATK of Xyz Monsters you control increases by 500. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Duel Fuel
 
 Can be used the turn you begin with lower Life Points than your opponent. Gain 1000 Life Points. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Onomatoplay
 
 Return 2 " Zubaba ", " Gagaga ", " Gogogo ", or " Dododo " cards with different names from your hand to the Deck and add 2 "Zubaba", "Gagaga", "Gogogo", or "Dododo" monsters with different names to your hand from the Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 ZEXAL - Leo Arms
 
 Activates at the beginning of your turn if your Life Points are at 2000 or below.
 Yuma and Astral build the Overlay Network! ZEXAL Morph!
 After transforming into  ZEXAL , each of the following effects can be used once only.
 
 Play 1 " ZW - Leo Arms " with 0 ATK/DEF from outside of your Deck. "ZW - Leo Arms" played with this Skill cannot be Tributed or used as a material when Xyz Summoning. 
 Select up to 3 "ZW" monsters in your Graveyard and attach them to "ZW - Leo Arms" that you control as Xyz Materials. Then you can return all "ZW" monsters in your Graveyard to your Deck. 
 
 Event
 
 
 ZEXAL - Ultimate Unite
 
 Add 1 "Number C39: Utopia Ray" and 1 "ZW - Leo Arms" to your Extra Deck at the beginning of the Duel. The only monsters you can Special Summon from your Extra Deck during this Duel will be "Number" or "ZW" monsters. Once per turn and twice per Duel, this Skill can be used by paying half your Life Points. Send 1 "Gagaga" monster from your Graveyard to your field, then play 1 "Gagaga" monster from among three possibilities from outside of your Deck to your field, and change its Level to 4. In addition, if your Life Points are 2000 or below, the following effect will be applied at the beginning of your turn.
 Yuma and Astral build the Overlay Network! ZEXAL Morph!
 Can be used once after transforming to ZEXAL. If you Xyz Summon " Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray " during this turn, you can also Xyz Summon it by using "Number C39: Utopia Ray" you control as the material.
 
 
 Event
 
 
 ZEXAL - Xyz Evolution
 
 Activates at the beginning of your turn if your Life Points are at 2000 or below.
 Yuma and Astral build the Overlay Network! ZEXAL Morph!
 
After transforming into  ZEXAL , each of the following effects can be used once only.
 - Place 1 " Xyz Change Tactics " face-up on your field. In addition, you can raise your Life Points to 2000.
 - Return all " Utopia " monsters in your Graveyard to your Extra Deck.
 
 
 Event
 
 
 ZEXAL - Zexal Weapon
 
 Activates at the beginning of your turn if your Life Points are at 2000 or below.
 Yuma and Astral build the Overlay Network! ZEXAL Morph!
 
After transforming into  ZEXAL , add 1 " Number C39: Utopia Ray " to your Extra Deck.
 Each turn, you can look at the top card of your Deck before drawing a card. In addition, you can use each of the following effects once per turn.
 - Before conducting your normal draw, change the top card in your Deck to a " ZW " monster.
 - Can be used at the beginning of your Main Phase. Play 1 "ZW" monster from your hand.
 
 
 Event
 
 
 Number Recovery
 
 Select 1 " Number " monster you control and recover your Life Points by its Number x 20. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Numbers' Rule
 
 Until the end of your opponent's next turn, 1 " Number " monster you control cannot be destroyed by battle except by another "Number" monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Gain
 
 Increase the ATK of 1 Xyz Monster you control until the end of the turn by the number of its Xyz Materials x 200. This Skill can only be used once per turn and twice per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Destiny Draw: Monster Reborn
 
 Can be used before your normal draw if your Life Points are at 2500 or below. Your normal draw this turn will be "Monster Reborn", from your Deck. If your opponent controls a monster with 3000 ATK or more, you can use this Skill regardless of your Life Points. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Level Duplication
 
 Can be used when your Life Points are 3000 or lower, by revealing 1 monster card in your hand and selecting 1 monster on your field. The selected monster's Level will become equal to the Level of the monster you revealed until the end of the turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Pass
 
 During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, recover 300 Life Points. This Skill can only be used three times per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: DARK
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random DARK-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost Ω
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 5000, reduces hand by 4 cards.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Reginald Kastle 
 When starting a Duel with  Reginald Kastle , Yuma announces "Shark! You're gonna learn you got nothin' on me!"
 When they win the Duel, Yuma says "I did it! I beat Shark!" followed by "I'm feelin' the flow!" 
 When they lose the Duel, Yuma says "You really are awesome, Shark! But I'll get you next time!" 
 Bronk Stone 
 When starting a Duel with  Bronk Stone , Yuma announces "Don't expect me to go easy on ya' Bronk!"
 When they wins the Duel, Yuma says "How's that Bronk? That's the Dueling of a future champion!" 
 When they lose the Duel, Yuma says "I didn’t high five the sky. I high fived the ground." 
 Tori Meadows 
 When starting a Duel with  Tori Meadows , Yuma announces "You sure you're ready to Duel me Tori? Okaaaay!"
 When they win the Duel, Yuma says "When I'm feeling the flow, no one can beat me, Tori!" 
 When they lose the Duel, Yuma says "Way to high five the sky, Tori!" 
 Kite Tenjo 
 When starting a Duel with  Kite Tenjo , Yuma announces "Kite! Get set to get decked!" followed by Astral announcing " Defeating him will be a challenge, but a worthy one. "
 When they win the Duel, Yuma says "When I'm on my game, I can high-five the sky!" 
 When they lose the Duel, Yuma says "Each Duel is bringin' me closer to your skill level!" 
 Trey 
 When starting a Duel with  Trey , Yuma announces "I know that if we Duel, we can become friends!"
 When they win the Duel, Yuma says "Trey, I promise I'll fight for you too!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 ( Dialogue by Astral will be  underlined  while Yuma's remains the same. )
 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 39: Utopia ", a cut-in frame of Yuma and Astral briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Rise on up, Number 39: Utopia!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Number 39: Utopia" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Number 39: Utopia" being summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack Utopia!" followed by "Rising Sun Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopia's effect!" followed by "Light Wing Shield!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number C39: Utopia Ray ", Yuma chants  "Chaos Xyz Evolution!"  followed by  "The protector who changes chaos into light!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Yuma and Astral briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Number C39: Utopia Ray!" (pronounced "Chaos Number 39: Utopia Ray")  If that player hasn't already summoned "Number C39: Utopia Ray" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Number C39: Utopia Ray" being summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Utopia Ray attacks!" followed by ”Rising Sun Chaos Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use an Overlay Unit to activate Utopia Ray's effect!" followed by "Overlay Charge!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray ", a cutscene of "Ultimate Leo Utopia Ray" being summoned plays if the player hasn't already summoned that monster. 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Cowboy ", a cut-in frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Join the fight, Gagaga Cowboy!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Round 'em up, Gagaga Cowboy!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use Gagaga Cowboy's Overlay Unit to activate it's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Girl ", a cut-frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Rise up, Gagaga Girl!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Girl, attack!" followed by "Gagaga Charge!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Girl's effect!" followed by "Her Level becomes the same as Gagaga Magician's!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "If I used Gagaga Girl to Xyz Summon, your monster has 0 ATK!" followed by "Cellphone Subtraction!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Magician ", a cut-in frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "I know I can always count on you, Gagaga Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Gagaga Magician!" followed by ”Gagaga Magic!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Magician changes it's Level until the end of the turn!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Samurai ", a cut-in frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Come on out, Gagaga Samurai!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Samurai! Tear 'em up!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Samurai uses an Overlay Unit to activate it's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Samurai has another effect!" followed by "By switching to Defense Position, it redirects your attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Heroic Champion - Excalibur ", Yuma chants  "The most noble of knights is clad in light!" " Afterwards, a cut-in frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Heroic Champion - Excalibur!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Excalibur, attack! Shock Sword Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "I use 2 Overlay Units to activate Excalibur's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja ", A cut-in frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Number 12: Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja! Come on out!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja, attack!" followed by "Moon Shadow Crimson Slice!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Crimson Shadow Armor Ninja uses an Overlay Unit!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 17: Leviathan Dragon ", a cut-in frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Here's Number 17: Leviathan Dragon!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go, Leviathan Dragon!” followed by "Shock Stream Blast!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Leviathan Dragon uses 1 Overlay Unit to activate it's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 22: Zombiestein ", a cut-in frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Come out, Number 22: Zombiestein!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Zombiestein, attack!" followed by "Zombie Fist!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use an Overlay Unit to activate Zombiestein's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 50: Blackship of Corn ", a cut-in frame of their faces briefly appears, and Yuma announces "Set sail, Number 50: Blackship of Corn!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack Blackship of Corn!" followed by "Full Fire!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "For 1 Overlay Unit, Blackship of Corn can use it's effect!" followed by "Blast a monster!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Achacha Archer ", Yuma announces "Here's Achacha Archer!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Let it fly, Achacha Archer!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Achacha Archer's effect strikes your LP!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Achacha Chanbara ", Yuma announces "Here comes Achacha Chanbara!”Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Slash 'em, Achacha Chanbara!"
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate Achacha Chanbara's effect from my hand!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Baby Tiragon ", Yuma announces "Baby Tiragon is here!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Baby Tiragon, attack!" followed by "Baby Stream!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Baby Tiragon lets a Level 1 monster attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Bacon Saver ", Yuma announces "Here comes Bacon Saver!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Bacon Saver, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I banish Bacon Saver from the Grave to negate the attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Big Belly Knight ", Astral announces " Big Belly Knight?! " followed by Yuma announcing "Yep! Big Belly Knight!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Run and attack, Big Belly Knight!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "When used as an Overlay Unit, Big Belly Knight activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Chachaka Archer ", Yuma announces "Chachaka Archer! Let's go!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Chachaka Archer, fire!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Chachaka Archer's effect destroys 1 Spell or Trap Card!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Dododo Bot ", Yuma announces "Dododo Bot!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Dododo Bot attacks!" followed by "Lightning Blade!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Dododo Buster ", Yuma announces "I'm counting on you, Dododo Buster!"
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Dododo Buster revives a Dododo from the GY!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Dododo Driver ", Yuma announces "Meet my Dododo Driver!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Dododo Driver's gonna attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "When a Dododo Special Summons this, it can use it's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Dododo Swordsman ", Yuma announces "Dododo Swordsman is here to do it's thing!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Now that it's face-up, it destroys up to 2 monsters in play!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Dododo Warrior ", Yuma announces "I need your help, Dododo Warrior!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go, Dododo Warrior!" followed by "Dododo Axe!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Dododo Witch ", Yuma announces "Here's Dododo Witch!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Dododo Witch attacks!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Dododo Witch lets me Special Summon a Dododo from my hand!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Dodododwarf Gogogoglove ", Yuma announces "Dodododwarf Gogogoglove! Join me!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Dodododwarf Gogogoglove attacks!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Here's Dodododwarf Gogogoglove's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Dodododwarf Gogogoglove's effect activates from the Grave!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Flelf ", Yuma announces "Flelf, let's go!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Flelf, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activates the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Flelf gains Levels equal to the monster I showed ya'!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Caesar ", Yuma announces "Let's go, Gagaga Caesar!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Gagaga Caesar!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Caesar's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Child ", Yuma announces "It's playtime, Gagaga Child!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Child attacks!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I Special Summon Gagaga Child so it can use this effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Clerk ", Yuma announces "Gagaga Clerk!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Clerk, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral summon " Gagaga Head ", Yuma announces "Show yourself Gagaga Head!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go, Gagaga Head!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Now, Gagaga Head! Activate your effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "The Xyz Monster summoned using Gagaga Head uses it's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Mancer ", Yuma announces "Come out, Gagaga Mancer!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Mancer attacks!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate Gagaga Mancer's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Mancer's effect activates when it's used as an Overlay Unit!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Sister ", Yuma announces "Gagaga Sister, time to play!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astralg declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Sister attacks!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "When Gagaga Sister is Summoned, I can activate her effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gagaga Sister has another effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Ganbara Knight ", Yuma announces "I'm bustin' out Ganbara Knight!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Astral announces " Wait, Yuma! Ganbara Knight's ATK are-! " followed by Yuma announcing "You worry too much! Go Ganbara Knight!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Ganbara Knight can switch from Attack to Defense Position!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Ganbara Lancer ", Yuma announces "Say hello to Ganbara Lancer!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Ganbara Lancer, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Ganbara Lancer can bring out another Ganbara Lancer!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gillagillancer ", Yuma announces "Gillagillancer, let's do this!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gillagillancer! Attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Argh! Gillagillancer deals me damage! 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Goblindbergh ", Yuma announces "Fly Goblindbergh!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Goblindbergh attacks!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Goblindbergh's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gogogo Ghost ", Yuma announces "Let's do this, Gogogo Ghost!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gogogo Ghost! Spook 'em!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Astral announces " When Gogogo Ghost is Special Summoned, it revives our Golem! " 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gogogo Giant ", Yuma announces "Come out, Gogogo Giant!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gogogo Giant, stomp 'em!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Astral announces " We have successfully summoned Gogogo Giant. " followed by Yuma announcing "So we can Special Summon a Gogogo from our GY!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gogogo Gigas ", Yuma announces "Let's go, Gogogo Gigas!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Astral announces " I cannot convince you that this is not wise, can I? " followed by Yuma announcing "Nope! Gogogo Gigas attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, he says "Gogogo Gigas's effect activates from the GY!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gogogo Golem ", Astral announces " Wait! To use it's effect to it's full potential... " followed by Yuma announcing "Don't direct my duel, I got this!" followed by "Go! Gogogo Golem!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go, Gogogo Golem!" followed by "Gogogo Gust!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gogogo Golem - Golden Form ", Yuma announces "I Special Summon Gogogo Golem - Golden Form!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gogogo Golem - Golden Form attack!" followed by "Great Cannon!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gogogo Golem - Golden Form's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Kagetokage ", Yuma announces "I Special Summon Kagetokage!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Kagetokage, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "When I summon a Level 4 monster, I can Special Summon this!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Kurivolt ", Yuma announces "Here comes Kurivolt!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Kurivolt!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I remove an Overlay Unit to Special Summon Kurivolt!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 11: Big Eye ", Yuma announces "Appear, Number 11: Big Eye!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Number 11: Big Eye! Attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Astral announces " Big Eye uses 1 Overlay Unit to take control of your monster! " followed by Yuma announcing "Temptation Glance!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 34: Terror-Byte ", Yuma announces "Here comes Number 34: Terror-Byte!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Terror-Byte, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "By using 1 Overlay Unit, Terror-Byte activates it's effect!" followed by "Bug Virus!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Rai Rider ", Yuma announces "Rai Rider is drivin' in!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, he says ""Rai Rider, go!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Astral announces " The monster that battled Rai Raider can no longer attack! " 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Stinging Swordsman ", Yuma announces "Stinging Swordsman is ready to mix it up!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go, Stinging Swordsman! Stick 'em!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Stinging Swordsman returns your Spells and Traps to your hand!" followed by "Slash Hurricane!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Utopic Onomatopoeia ", Yuma announces "Here comes Utopic Onomatopoeia!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Utopic Onomatopoeia attacks!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Utopic Onomatopoeia's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Zubaba Buster ", Yuma announces "Here's Zubaba Buster!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, he announces "Zubaba Buster, smash 'em!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Zubaba Buster's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Zubaba General ", Yuma announces "Zubaba General's coming to fight!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Zubaba General, let 'em feel your blade!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use Zubaba General's Overlay Unit to activate it's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Zubaba Knight ", Yuma announces "Join the Duel, Zubaba Knight!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Zubaba Knight!" followed by "Zubaba Bash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Zubababancho Gagagacoat ", Yuma announces "Come on in! Zubababancho Gagagacoat!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Zubababancho Gagagacoat, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Astral announces " If we have a Zubaba or Gagaga in play, we can summon this! " 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Zubababancho Gagagacoat's effect activates!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Asleep at the Switch ", Astral announces " The restoration of LP can be used at your advantage, Yuma! " followed by Yuma announcing "Yeah! I activate the Trap, Asleep at the Switch!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Blustering Winds ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Blustering Winds!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Copy Knight ", Yuma announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Copy Knight!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Cross Attack ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Cross Attack!" followed by Astral announcing " The selected monster can attack the opponent directly! " 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Damage Diet ", Yuma announces "I activate my Trap, Damage Diet!" followed by "I take less damage this turn!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yuma announces "I activate Damage Diet's effect from my GY!" followed by "I take less effect damage this turn!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Dodododraw ", Yuma announces "I activate the Spell Card, Dodododraw!" followed by "I send a Dododo to the GY to draw 2 cards!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Double or Nothing! ", Yuma announces "I activate Double or Nothing!! The monster can attack again!" followed by Astral announcing " And it gains ATK !" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Fiery Fervor ", Yuma announces "I activate my Trap, Fiery Fervor!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagaga Academy Emergency Network ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Gagaga Academy Emergency Network!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagaback ", Yuma announces "I activate my Quick-Play Spell, Gagagaback!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagabolt ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Gagagabolt!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagadraw ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Gagagadraw!" followed by "I banish 3 Gagaga's from my GY to draw 2 cards!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagarevenge ", Yuma announces "I activate the Equip Spell, Gagagarevenge!
 When activating the effect of that card, Yuma announces "Gagagarevenge's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagashield ", Yuma announces "I activate my Trap, Gagagashield! 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagatag ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Gagagatag!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagawind ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Gagagawind!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gamushara ", Yuma announces "My Trap activates - Gamushara!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yuma announces "Gamushara has another effect! You take damage!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Ghost of a Grudge ", Yuma announces "I activate my Trap, Ghosts of a Grudge!" followed by Astral announcing " All monsters on your field have 0 ATK! " 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gogogo Talisman ", Yuma announces "I activate the Continuous Spell, Gogogo Talisman!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yuma announces "Gogogo Talisman's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Heartfelt Appeal ", Yuma announces "I activate the Trap Card, Heartfelt Appeal!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Impenetrable Attack ", Yuma announces "I activate my Trap, Impenetrable Attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Light Wing Shield ", Yuma announces "My Quick-Play Spell activates, Light Wing Shield!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Mirror Mail ", Yuma announces "I activate my Trap, Mirror Mail!" followed by Astral announcing " The monster you are attacking now has the same ATK as yours! " 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Monster Reborn ", Yuma announces "I activate the Spell Card, Monster Reborn!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Onomatopia ", Yuma announces "I activate the Field Spell, Onomatopia!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yuma announces "Onomatopia's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Rising Sun Slash ", Yuma announces "I activate my Equip Spell, Rising Sun Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " The Regulation of Tribe ", Yuma announces "I activate my Continuous Trap, The Regulation of Tribe!" followed by "I select... Silver Glowy Floaty-Type!" followed by Astral announcing " ...Are you trying to prevent ME from attacking? " 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Wonder Wand ", Yuma announces "I activate my Equip Spell, Wonder Wand!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yuma announces "Here's Wonder Wand's additional effect!" followed by "We eliminate this card and it's monster to draw 2 cards!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Xyz Change Tactics ", Yuma announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Xyz Change Tactics!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Astral announces " Utopia has been Xyz Summoned! " followed by Yuma announcing "That means I can activate Xyz Change Tactics's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Xyz Double Back ", Yuma announces "I activate the Quick-Play Spell, Xyz Double Back!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Xyz Reception ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Xyz Reception!" 
 Skill-Specific 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the Skill "Destiny Draw: Monster Reborn", Astral announces  "The outcome of the Duel lies on this draw. Do not fail."  followed by Yuma announcing "Never! Cuz right now, I'm seriously feelin' the flow!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 When Yuma and Astral summon " Gagagaga Magician ", Yuma announces "C'mon, Gagagaga Magician!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Go get 'em, Gagagaga Magician!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Gagagaga Magician's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gagagaga gives an effect when it's used to Xyz Summon!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gagaga Gardna ", Yuma announces ""I'm bringing out Gagaga Gardna!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Gagaga Gardna!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Astral announces " If you attack us directly, we can Special Summon this card! " 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Astral announces " By discarding a card, Gagaga Gardna will not be destroyed! " 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gauntlet Launcher ", Yuma announces "Gauntlet Launcher!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Bash 'em Gauntlet Launcher!" followed by "Turbo Jab!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gauntlet Launcher uses an Overlay Unit to power it's effect!" followed by Astral announcing " It destroys 1 monster on the opponent's field! " 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gogogo Aristera & Dexia ", Yuma announces "Gogogo Aristera & Dexia!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Astral announces " Wait, Yuma! " followed by Yuma announcing "Stop distractin' me! I attack with Gogogo Aristera & Dexia!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use Aristera & Dexia to Xyz Summon so I can do this!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Gogogo Goram ", Yuma announces "Gogogo Goram's on the scene!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gogogo Goram, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Gogogo Goram's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 39: Utopia Beyond ", Yuma chants  "Rank-Up Xyz Evolution! Shatter the boundaries of reality and become the dream that inspires the future!"  Afterwards, he announces "Number 39: Utopia Beyond!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Utopia Beyond!" followed by "Rising Sun Beyond Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Astral announces " Utopia Beyond has been Xyz Summoned! " followed by Yuma announcing "So all your monster's ATK drops to 0!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use an Overlay Unit to activate Utopia Beyond's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 39: Utopia Double ", Yuma announces "Appear, Number 39: Utopia Double!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Utopia Double attacks!" followed by "Rising Sun Double Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use an Overlay Unit to activate Utopia Double's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral summon " Number 39: Utopia Roots ", Yuma announces "Number 39: Utopia Roots!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Utopia Roots attack!" followed by "Rising Sun Roots Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Utopia Roots' effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 54: Lion Heart ", Yuma chants  "Let 'em hear you roar!"  Afterwards, Yuma announces "Number 54: Lion Heart!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Lion Heart!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces Lion Heart's effect activates!" followed by "Pouncing Punch!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use an Overlay Unit to activate Lion Heart's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 55: Gogogo Goliath ", Yuma announces "Appear, Number 55: Gogogo Goliath!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Gogogo Goliath, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use an Overlay Unit to activate Gogogo Goliath's effect!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number 96: Dark Mist ", Yuma chants  "Not sure if I should... but I'm gonna Summon THIS!"  followed by "Number 96: Dark Mist!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Dark Mist attacks!" followed by "Whiplash Whirlwind!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate Dark Mist's effect by using 1 Overlay Unit!" followed by "Shadow Game!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number C39: Utopia Ray V ", Yuma chants  "Chaos Xyz Evolution! Gather the powers of chaos to bring me victory!"  Afterwards, Yuma announces "Come on out, Number C39: Utopia Ray V!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Utopia Ray V, attack!" followed by "Rising Sun Star Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "Utopia Ray V's effect activates when it's destroyed!" followed by "I return an Xyz monster from my GY to my Extra Deck!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use Utopia Ray V's Overlay Unit to activate it's effect!" followed by "Spinning Blades of Destruction!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory ", Yuma announces "Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Utopia Ray Victory attacks!" followed by "Rising Sun Double Victory Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I'll use one of Utopia Ray Victory's Overlay Units!" followed by "Victory Charge!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number S0: Utopic ZEXAL ", Yuma chants  "Xyz Evolution! The origin of all memories form into flawless power!"  Afterwards, Yuma announces "Number S0: Utopic ZEXAL!" (pronounced "Shining Number 0: Utopic ZEXAL")
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, he says "The power of hope breaks through to a new generation." following by "Rising Sun ZEXAL Slash!!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "By using an Overlay Unit, Utopic ZEXAL's effect activates!" followed by "You can't activate any effects this turn!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number S39: Utopia the Lightning ", Yuma announces "Let's go, Number S39: Utopia the Lightning!"
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Utopia the Lightning!" followed by "Rising Sun Lightning Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 2 of Utopia the Lightning's Overlay Units!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Number S39: Utopia Prime ", Yuma chants  "Shining Xyz Evolution! A single grain of hope flashes from the darkness!"  Afterwards, Yuma announces "Come forth, Number S39: Utopia Prime!"
 Most of the time when Yuma declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Attack, Utopia Prime!" followed "Rising Sun Shining Slash!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I use 3 Overlay Units to activate Utopia Prime's effect!" followed by "Pandora's Force!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Rainbow Kuriboh ", Yuma announces "Let's go, Rainbow Kuriboh!
 Most of the time when Yuma declares an attack with that monster, Yuma announces "Rainbow Kuriboh, attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the first effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I equip Rainbow Kuriboh from my hand so it can't attack!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the second effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I Special Summon Rainbow Kuriboh from my GY!" 
 When Yuma and Astral Summon " Tasuke Knight ", Yuma announces "Tasuke Knight is here to help me out!
 Most of the time when Yuma and Astral declare an attack with that monster, Yuma announces ""Attack, Tasuke Knight!" followed by "Power Push!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate the effect of that monster, Yuma announces "I activate Tasuke Knight's effect!" followed by "We Special Summon it from the GY and end this battle!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Battle Break ", Yuma announces "Check out my Trap, Battle Break!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Bye Bye Damage ", Yuma announces "I activate the Trap, Bye Bye Damage!" followed by "Our monsters are not destroyed, and we deal effect damage!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagaguard ", Yuma announces "I activate my Trap, Gagagaguard!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Gagagarush ", Yuma announces "I activate my Trap, Gagagarush!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Half Unbreak ", Yuma announces "I activate the Trap, Half Unbreak!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Memories of Hope ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Memories of Hope!" followed by "We draw a card from our Deck for every Number on our field!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Monster Slots ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Monster Slots!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Onomatopaira ", Yuma announces "I activate the Spell Card, Onomatopaira!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Onomatopickup ", Yuma announces "I activate my Continuous Spell, Onomatopickup!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yuma announces "Onomatopickup's effect activates!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall ", Yuma announces "I activate Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force ", Yuma announces "I activate Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Yuma announces "Rank-Up Magic Astral Force activates from the GY!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force ", Yuma announces "I activate Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force! 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force ", Yuma announces "I activate Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Swords of Burning Light ", Yuma announces "Use that card to survive! I know! I activate the Spell Card, Swords of Burning Light! 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Utopia Buster ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Utopia Buster!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Xyz Revenge ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Xyz Revenge!" 
 When Yuma and Astral activate " Xyz Shift ", Yuma announces "I activate my Spell Card, Xyz Shift!" 
 Trivia 
 Yuma and Astral also have dialogue with Possessed Duelists, characters that are possessed by  Numbers .
 When they start a Duel with a Possessed Duelist, they says " Yuma! Our opponent is a Number! " followed by "Yeah, so we can't count it out Astral!"
 When they win the Duel, Astral says " This Number card is a fragment of my memories! " 
 When they lose, Astral says " This number is... Ahhhhhh! " followed by Yuma saying "Astral? Astraaaal!!!!" 
 Initially, Yuma and Astral did not have a 3D cutscene for " Number C39: Utopia Ray ". But as of April 28, 2021, the cutscene for "Number C39: Utopia Ray" has been been made available when summoned by Yuma and Astral. 
 Yuma and Astral,  Yusei Fudo ,  Jaden/Yubel ,  Jaden Yuki ,  Kite Tenjo ,  Crow Hogan ,  Jack Atlas ,  Reginald Kastle ,  Chazz Princeton ,  Joey Wheeler (DSOD) ,  Zane Truesdale ,  Syrus Truesdale ,  Seto Kaiba (DM) ,  Yugi Muto (DSOD) ,  Seto Kaiba (DSOD) ,  Blair Flannigan ,  Leo ,  Bronk Stone ,  Aster Phoenix ,  Joey Wheeler (DM) ,  Akiza Izinski ,  Rex Goodwin , and  Dark Signer Kalin Kessler , in descending order, are the characters with the most card-specific dialogue in-game. 
 Yugi Muto (DM) ,  Espa Roba , Seto Kaiba (DSOD),  Aigami ,  Jesse Anderson , Chazz Princeton, Jaden/Yubel,  Axel Brodie , Yusei Fudo, Jack Atlas, Crow Hogan, Akiza Izinski, Leo,  Luna ,  Tetsu Trudge , Dark Signer Kalin Kessler,  Antinomy ,  Kalin Kessler , Yuma and Astral, Reginald Kastle, Bronk Stone,  Tori Meadows , and Kite Tenjo are the characters who possess a  Skill  that allows them to begin a Duel with copies of specific Monster Cards added to their Main Deck and/or Extra Deck. 
 Yugi Muto (DM),  Bandit Keith ,  The Paradox Brothers , Seto Kaiba (DSOD), Yugi Muto (DSOD), Joey Wheeler (DSOD), Jaden Yuki, Jesse Anderson,  Alexis Rhodes , Yubel, Syrus Truesdale, Jaden/Yubel, Yusei Fudo, Luna, Antinomy,  Carly Carmine , and Yuma and Astral are the characters with the most cards that feature a cut-in frame of their face(s). 
 Mako Tsunami ,  Sartorius Kumar , Yuma Tsukumo, and Bronk Stone are the Legendary Duelists whose original english voice actors didn't reprise their roles in-game.
 In  Duel Links , Noah Benjamin voices Yuma, instead of Yuma's original English VA,  Eli Jay . 
 The Paradox Brothers,  Lumis and Umbra , and Yuma and Astral are the only characters that consist of 2 Duelists as a playable set.
 In addition, The Paradox Brothers and Lumis and Umbra are the only characters whose respective ace cards, " Masked Beast Des Gardius " and " Gate Guardian ", are not of UR rarity. The former being SR, and the latter being R.
 Ironically both ace cards can not be obtained as a drop reward from Dueling the said characters. Instead, "Masked Beast Des Gardius" is obtained as a drop reward from  Yami Marik , whereas "Gate Guardian" is obtained from the card trader, and " Number 39: Utopia " is obtained from the card pack. 
 v e 
 Yuma Tsukumo  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival (Zexal) 
 Duel Terminal 
 Legacy of the Duelist (Yuma) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL 3) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Duel Arena 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (Yuma and Astral) 
 Duel Links (ZEXAL) 
 
 v e 
 Astral  pages Anime, manga, books 
 Anime 
 Manga 
 D Team 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminal 
 World Duel Carnival  (Astral) 
 World Duel Carnival  (Zexal) 
 Millennium Duels 
 Tag Force 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (Astral) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL) 
 Legacy of the Duelist  (ZEXAL 3) 
 Duel Links 
 Duel Links (Yuma and Astral) 
 Duel Links  (ZEXAL) 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 ↑   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fKJw8xgzlw&t=133s/ 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/34/YumaAstral-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20200930034946', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d0/Profile-DULI-YumaAstral.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930125451', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/12/CutIn-DULI-YumaAstral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930163830', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/Summoning-DULI-YumaAstral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930035841', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/82/Defeat-DULI-YumaAstral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20200930035957', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/97/Icon-DULI-YumaAstral.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930130152', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/bd/Icon-DULI-YumaAstral2.png/revision/latest?cb=20200930162711', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yuma Tsukumo pages, Astral pages, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters