Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Dark_Yugi_and_Maximillion_J._Pegasus%27_TV_Duel_(manga)


 
 Dark Yugi and Maximillion J. Pegasus' TV Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Maximillion J. Pegasus' TV Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters Shadow Game 
 
 
 Rule set 
 Standard 
 
 
 Players 
 Yugi Mutou Dark Yugi Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 
 Location 
 Kame Game 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Manga  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 
 Dark Yugi and Maximillion J. Pegasus' TV Duel  was a Duel in which  Dark Yugi  and  Maximillion J. Pegasus  Dueled through  a videotape . Pegasus appeared on the video, claiming to be prerecorded, knowing what moves Dark Yugi would make.
 Yugi Mutou  took part in the beginning of the Duel, until he realized that it was a  Shadow Game , at which point Dark Yugi took over.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Events 
 
 1.1   Prior 
 1.2   The Duel 
 1.3   Aftermath 
 
 
 2   Cards used 
 3   References 
 
 
 Events 
 Prior 
 When the  Duel Monsters  champion,  Seto Kaiba  was defeated by  Yugi Mutou ,  KaibaCorp 's reputation was damaged.  Maximillion J. Pegasus  used this as an opportunity to overthrow Seto Kaiba and take control of the company. Part of his plan involved defeating Yugi in an official Duel to restore its reputation when he got control. Pegasus planned this unofficial Duel as a means of coaxing Yugi into taking part in the  Duelist Kingdom  tournament, where he could face him in an official one. He set up  a videotape  to use as a means of communicating with Yugi and mailed it to him with equipment for Duelist Kingdom.
 Yugi watched the tape along with  Anzu Mazaki ,  Katsuya Jonouchi  and  Sugoroku Mutou . Pegasus appeared on the screen and complemented Yugi on defeating Kaiba. He expressed his desire to test Yugi's skill and challenged him to a game of  Duel Monsters . The notion of Dueling a prerecording seemed impossible, but Yugi accepted.
 
 The Duel 
 Yugi  Summoned " Koumori Dragon " ( ATK : 1500). On the TV screen, Pegasus correctly stated what card Yugi played; something a prerecording should not be able to know. Pegasus claimed to know Yugi would play that card and what cards were in Yugi's hand. He predicted that Yugi was planning on combining "Koumori Dragon" with " Dragon Knight " on his next turn to increase its power. Secretly Pegasus was using his  Millennium Eye  to read Yugi's mind. Pegasus countered with " Dragon Capture Jar ", which sealed "Koumori Dragon" inside itself. When Yugi saw the illustration on the card getting sucked out and drawn into the TV screen, he realized that they were playing a  Shadow Game , so  Dark Yugi  took control.
 Dark Yugi drew " Baby Dragon ". It would only get sucked into "Dragon Capture Jar", so he played " Silver Fang " (ATK: 1200) instead. Pegasus said he knew Dark Yugi was going to play a  Beast  and power it up with " Mystical moon " next turn. Pegasus countered with " Dragon Piper " (ATK: 200) and used its effect to Summon "Koumori Dragon" from the jar. "Koumori Dragon" attacked "Silver Fang" and since it used a  fire -based attack it gained  ATK  when battling Beasts (ATK: 1500 → 1700). "Silver Fang" was destroyed. (Dark Yugi: 2000 → 1500  Life Points ). Pegasus joked that it must have been "jarring" for Yugi.
 Dark Yugi Summoned " Great White " (ATK: 1600), but Pegasus countered with " Oscillo Hero #2 " (ATK: 1000).  Water  monsters' ATK are halved when battling  Lightning  monsters (Great White: 1600 → 800 ATK), so "Great White" was destroyed by battle (Dark Yugi: 1500 → 1300 Life Points). Pegasus joked that he understood Yugi's "shock".
 At this point, Pegasus explained that Yugi was to take part in the upcoming  Duelist Kingdom  tournament should he lose. Dark Yugi asked what would happened if he refused, but Pegasus claimed that was irrelevant as Dark Yugi was going to lose.
 Dark Yugi was about to play " Undead Warrior ", but realized he was about to do it out of pure instinct. He suspected Pegasus was using subliminal messages to tell him what cards to play, which would explain how Pegasus knew what cards he was going to play in advance. Instead Dark Yugi played " Dark Magician " (ATK: 2500)  face-down . He then asked  Sugoroku ,  Jonouchi  and  Anzu  to guess off the top of their heads what he played. They guessed a skull, a warrior and a skeleton, respectively, reinforcing Dark Yugi's suspicion that Pegasus put a subliminal message in the tape to implant the idea of a skeleton into the viewers' head.
 Pegasus said that Yugi played a  Zombie , so he Summoned " Rogue Doll " (ATK: 1600), who had an advantage over Zombies. "Rogue Doll" attacked the face-down "Dark Magician", causing itself to be destroyed (Pegasus: 2000 → 1100 Life Points). Pegasus claimed to have know it was "Dark Magician", but attacked anyway to keep things fair. Since the tape contained footage of "Rogue Doll" being destroyed, Dark Yugi thought Pegasus might be telling the truth. At some point, Pegasus switched "Oscillo Hero #2" and "Dragon Piper" to  Defense Mode  (DEF: 500) (DEF: 1800).
 Pegasus said that there was only so much film left on the tape, so he imposed a time limit of 15 minutes; If neither player had won before the time ran out, whoever had the most Life Points would be declared the winner. Pegasus ended his turn when the timer reached 13:58.
 Dark Yugi attacked and destroyed "Koumori Dragon" with "Dark Magician" (Pegasus: 1100 → 300 Life Points).
 Pegasus drew " Illusionist Faceless Mage ". He Summoned it (ATK: 1200) and equipped it with " Eye of Deception ". He chose "Dark Magician" as the monster for "Illusionist Faceless Mage" to control with "Eye of Deception". Dark Yugi mistook this action as the two monsters battling, but neither of them were destroyed.
 The timer was at at 5:03 as Dark Yugi began his turn. He was able to win on Life Point difference by doing nothing until the timer ran out, but considered that cowardly. He drew " Celtic Guardian " and Summoned it (ATK: 1400). He attempted to attack "Illusionist Faceless Mage" with "Celtic Guardian". However, through the effect of "Eye of Deception", Pegasus got it to battle "Dark Magician" instead, resulting in "Celtic Guardian" being destroyed (Yugi: 1300 → 200 Life Points).
 Pegasus  Set  a card and ended his turn with the timer at 0:13.
 Dark Yugi drew " Summoned Skull " and Summoned it (ATK: 2500). He attacked "Illusionist Faceless Mage" with it, but the timer hit 0, before the attack went through. Pegasus then won on Life Point difference.
 
 Aftermath 
 Pegasus remarked "If that battle had gone on... I would have lost... or would I?" He said that Yugi had more talent than he expected and predicted they would meet again at Duelist Kingdom. As  Penalty Game  for Yugi's loss, Pegasus sucked the soul of Sugoroku into the videotape.
 
 Cards used 
 
 Yugi Mutou/Dark Yugi Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Baby Dragon 
 Celtic Guardian 
 Dark Magician 
 Dragon Knight 
 Great White 
 Koumori Dragon 
 Summoned Skull 
 Undead Warrior Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mystical moon 
 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dragon Capture Jar 
 Dragon Piper 
 Illusionist Faceless Mage 
 Oscillo Hero #2 
 Rogue Doll Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Eye of Deception 
 References 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 1: " Challenge!! " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 2: " Don't Draw That Card!! " 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duelist  Duel 3: " Countdown!! " 
 v e 
 Duelist Kingdom  (manga) Participants 
 Contestants 
 Insector Haga 
 Keith Howard 
 Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Ryota Kajiki 
 Ghost Kozuka 
 Mai Kujaku 
 Yugi Mutou  and  Dark Yugi 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Satake 
 Takaido 
 Star Chip-theft victim 
 Striped sweater Duelist 
 Player Killers 
 Meikyû the Elder 
 Meikyû the Younger 
 Player Killer of Darkness 
 Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Other 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 
 Duels 
 
Preliminaries 
 Dark Yugi VS Haga 
 Jonouchi VS Mai 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist 
 Jonouchi VS Ryuzaki 
 Mai VS Player Killer 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer 
 Jonouchi VS Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi & Joey VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Kaiba 
 
 
Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai 
 Jonouchi VS Keith 
 Dark Yugi & Yugi VS Pegasus 
 
 
Other 
 Jonouchi VS Kaiba 
 Kaiba VS Pegasus 
 
 Items 
 
 Duel Glove 
 Duelist Kingdom (island) 
 Millennium Eye replica 
 Star Chip 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh!  manga   Duels School 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Death-T 
 
 Sugoroku Mutou VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 
 Duelist Kingdom 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Anzu Mazaki 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Dark Yugi VS Insector Haga 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Dark Yugi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi VS Mokuba Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Ventriloquist of the Dead 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dinosaur Ryuzaki 
 Mai Kujaku VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Dark Yugi VS Player Killer of Darkness 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Maximillion J. Pegasus VS Bandit Keith 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Dark Yugi and Jonouchi VS Meikyû Brothers 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Dark Yugi VS Mai Kujaku 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Bandit Keith 
 Dark Yugi VS Maximillion J. Pegasus 
 Battle City 
 Yugi Mutou VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 Seto Kaiba VS Duel Machine 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dark Yugi VS Rare Hunter 
 Dinosaur Ryuzaki VS Esper Roba 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Esper Roba 
 Seto Kaiba VS Koji Nagumo 
 Dark Yugi VS Pandora 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Insector Haga 
 Dark Yugi VS the Doll (Marik Ishtar) 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Rare Hunter Tag 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Ryota Kajiki 
 Dark Yugi and Seto Kaiba VS Masks 
 Yugi Mutou VS Brainwashed Jonouchi 
 Dark Bakura VS Ghost Kozuka 
 Tournament Finals 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Bakura 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Rishid 
 Mai Kujaku VS Dark Marik 
 Seto Kaiba VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Marik Ishtar VS Ishizu Ishtar 
 Dark Bakura VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi VS Seto Kaiba VS Dark Marik 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Seto Kaiba 
 Dark Yugi VS Dark Marik 
 Dark Yugi VS Katsuya Jonouchi 
 King's Memories 
 
 Katsuya Jonouchi VS Dark Bakura 
 Yugi Mutou VS Dark Bakura 
 
 Ceremonial Battle 
 
 Yugi Mutou VS Atem 
 
 Transcend Game 
 
 Seto Kaiba VS Sera 
 
 
 Duels 
 Games 
 Ka battles 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/2f/Dark_Yugi_VS_Pegasus_-_TV.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20160109163807']
Categories: Pages using duplicate arguments in template calls, Duels, Shadow Games