Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_ARC-V_-_Episode_077


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V - Episode 077 
 
 
 
 
 Sergey Volkov  violently crashes into  Zuzu 's  Duel Runner . 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 破壊 の 美学 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Hakai no Bigaku 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 The Beauty of Destruction 
 
 
 English 
 A Cons Game 
 
 
 Number 
 077 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 October 11, 2015 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 November 2, 2016 
 
 
 Air date ( de ) 
 December 31, 2016 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " Trump Card " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " Speaking " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 Ending ( en ) 
 " Can you Feel the Power " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Screenwriter 
 Mitsutaka Hirota 
 
 
 Director 
 Keiichiro Mochizuki 
 
 
 Storyboard 
 Masahiro Takada 
 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Toshi Shishikura 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  episode listing  (season 2) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " Plans of Attack " 
 " Rebel Road " 
 
 
 
 

" A Cons Game ", known as " The Beauty of Destruction " in the Japanese version, is the seventy-seventh episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V  anime. It first aired in Japan on October 11, 2015, and in Australia on November 2, 2016. It became available with official subtitles via Crunchyroll on January 31, 2017 and the dubbed version on Hulu in the US on January 2018. 
 The first match of the second round is  Zuzu  vs.  Sergey . Zuzu faces off against her opponent, aiming for the same goal as  Yuya . As she tries to convey the message of the  Dimensional War  through her Duel, Sergey seems to be inviting Zuzu to  attack  him, inflicting more and more damage upon himself. Seeing all this, Zuzu attempts to stop the Duel, but...
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Zuzu Boyle vs. Sergey Volkov 
 3   Featured cards 
 4   In other languages 
 5   Notes 
 
 
 Summary 
 It's the third day of the  Friendship Cup , as commentated by  Melissa Trail  from a helicopter. Melissa announces the eight quarter-finalists; the first two to lock horns will be  Zuzu Boyle  and  Sergey Volkov . As the audience cheer,  Sam  leads Zuzu out of her room at the  High Council  penthouses. Zuzu recalls the letter Yuya wrote to her, as well as Yuya's own address to the audience about what he thinks about the Friendship Cup. She starts thinking about how to address the audience regarding the potential threat of the  interdimensional war . In order to do so, she must win this duel.
 
       Zuzu before her duel with Sergey     
 Looking down from her helicopter, Melissa commentates as the competitors meet at the starting line inside the  Duel Palace . Melissa refers to Zuzu as "the cute entertainment angel, skyrocketing in popularity ("sportin' two Z's but won't put you to sleep" in the dub)", and her name is greeted by cheers from a male-dominated section of the crowd. Melissa gets carried away by Zuzu's cuteness before professionally composing herself. Zuzu, at the starting line on her  Duel Runner , thinks to herself that she needs to be closer to  Jack Atlas  in order to convey her message. Therefore, she will give this duel everything she has. She smiles and thinks about Yuya; the latter is watching in his room and encouraging Zuzu with a smile too.
 Yuya then sees Sergey arrive at the starting line on his monstrous-looking Duel Runner.  Crow ,  Shay  and  Celina  all watch on, as Melissa continues to commentate by saying that Sergey no longer bears the fearsome criminal presence that had  New Domino City  trembling (in the dub, Melissa says that Sergey is still a convict).  Yugo  is busy eating a meal, but also voices his support for Zuzu. Sergey looks momentarily at Zuzu as he remembers what  Roget  tasked him the day before. Melissa then announces a change in the Friendship Cup's format; due to the destruction of the course caused by Shay and  Dennis ' duel the night before, the duels will now take place on the highway system across New Domino City. The duel lanes emerge from the water and connect with each other; the expansive network can be seen from a high altitude above the Duel Palace and the city. Melissa finally puts on the " Crossover Acceleration " Field Spell and counts down to the start of the duel. The competitors speed off the starting line; Melissa commentates that the duelist who reaches the Palace Gate first will have the first turn. Zuzu's lighter frame puts her ahead at this point; Yuya reacts with a cheer while the others at the penthouses, including  Shinji Weber , look on, as do  Declan  and  Riley  at the High Council hall, now surrounded by Security officers. Roget comments on the  Topsiders  as he watches Sergey's progress intently. Despite a late surge, Sergey does not surpass Zuzu as she crosses to the outside duel lanes first.
 Addressing Yuya with a smile, Zuzu then gets serious as she begins her turn, which ends after she summons " Canon the Melodious Diva " and sets a card. Looking at her hand, she believes she'll have her field set up by her next turn, and glares at Sergey as he begins his move with a draw. He  Normal Summons  the 0 ATK " Thorn Prisoner Van ", which baffles Zuzu and the commentating Melissa. This catches the still-eating Yugo's attention as well, while Celina wonders why Sergey didn't Set his monster instead (in the dub, she says "Just what could Sergey be up to here?"). Sergey ends his turn. As Declan watches on, Zuzu wonders if she's being invited to attack Sergey head-on. Nevertheless, she begins her turn by activating her face-down Trap, " Melodious Rhythm Change ". This returns "Canon" to Zuzu's hand in order for her to  Special Summon  " Mozarta the Melodious Maestra "; she then uses "Mozarta's" effect to bring "Canon" back onto the field. Sergey mutters his impatience at this point ("Pathetic" in the dub). Zuzu then Normal Summons " Solo the Melodious Songstress ", which draws out commentary from Melissa; Celina is smiling at her counterpart's progress while Yuya, also watching, comments that it will be over soon. 
 Zuzu enters battle, declaring "Mozarta's" attack on "Van". Melissa thinks Sergey has taken a lot of damage, but Sergey responds with "Van's" effect. He pays 400 Life Points and reveals " Thorn Prisoner Darli " in his hand to take no damage from the attack. Then, "Van" revives itself from Sergey's Graveyard and "Darli" is also summoned from Sergey's hand. Melissa notes that Sergey summoned the two 0 ATK monsters in  Attack Position . Zuzu thus has "Solo" attack "Darli"; Sergey responds by paying 400 Life Points to negate the attack. Zuzu says she has one more monster to attack with; as "Canon" readies her attack on "Darli", Sergey speeds past Zuzu. Melissa notes that Sergey saw an  Action Card , will he use it? Sergey leans his Duel Runner to his right, the thorn on the right wheel launches Sergey's Duel Runner into the air, clear of the Action Card that was ahead of him. Thus, "Canon's" attack destroys "Darli", bringing Sergey down to 1800 Life Points. Sergey lands his Duel Runner upright but struggles to control it. When Sergey rides up next to Zuzu, she spots a bruise on Sergey's right arm. Zuzu ends her turn; Sergey looks at his bruised arm and says "Beautiful... (in the dub, Zuzu adds that she'll get him some help; he responds that it's Zuzu who needs help)" 
 The High Council are also watching the duel. They see the apparent struggle of Roget's henchman. Before Sergey's next turn, the duelists return to the Duel Palace having completed one lap of the highway course. Sergey begins by summoning another "Darli" from his hand, then tuning it with "Van" to Synchro Summon " Thorn Observer Zuma ". He uses "Zuma's" effect to bind each of Zuzu's monsters with thorns; "Mozarta", "Canon" and "Solo" are suffocated, and all cry out. Sergey then announces the effect of "Zuma's" thorns, before setting a card and ending his turn. He thus takes 400 damage from "Zuma's" effect.
 Melissa comments on the proceedings with a strange look of intrigue, while Roget also knows that Sergey's under pressure. As the duelists return to the highway course, Zuzu says she will count on her next draw, and begins her turn. The card Zuzu draws is " Polymerization ", and she cheers. But before she can use it, Sergey reveals his Trap, " Thorn Growth ", which makes "Zuma's" thorns sting even harder. Zuzu knows that if her monsters stay on the field at the end of the turn, she'll take 2400 damage. Thankfully, she can show off her move. She activates "Polymerization", fusing the three thorn-bound "Melodious" monsters that she controls. They break free from their thorns as they join hands and fuse into " Bloom Prima the Melodious Choir ", whose ATK becomes 2800 by its effect. Due to "Thorn Growth", Sergey also takes damage for the thorns that left the field, reducing his Life Points to 1100. The watching Yugo, having cleared several bowls of food, wonders what Sergey's up to. Zuzu enters battle, and has "Bloom Prima" attack "Zuma". Sergey responds by activating "Zuma's" other effect to pay 400 Life Points and take no damage from the attack. He loses another 100 due to "Zuma's" thorn disappearing. "Thorn Growth" is then destroyed, because no thorns remain on the field. And because "Zuma" was destroyed by battle, it can be revived along with its Synchro Material if all of them are in the Graveyard. Sergey brings "Van", "Darli" and "Zuma" back, all of them in Attack Position, as commentated by Melissa. 
 Yuya wonders what Sergey's strategy is; he seems to be happy with losing Life Points. Zuzu then tells Sergey that her monster can attack a second time. She attacks "Zuma" again; Sergey uses "Darli's" effect to pay 400 Life Points to negate the attack. Melissa commentates that Sergey is only on 200 Life Points. Both Yuya and Yugo are still wondering what Sergey is planning (in the dub, they feel that Sergey will definitely lose), while the High Council smirk that it's over. Declan doesn't agree; he compares Sergey to a volcano about to erupt. Zuzu ends her turn, and thinks to herself that if she has a next turn, she will win because Sergey can no longer use his monsters' effects. But instead, she signals to the helicopter in front, where Melissa was commentating, and pleads for the duel to be suspended, saying that her competitor is hurt. Melissa appears to not understand Zuzu's concerns, and asks that the duel continue (cut from the dub); the  Commons  spectators agree (in the dub, they disagree with Zuzu). Zuzu, knowing what happens to those who lose, tries to carry Yuya's message forward, saying that the Friendship Cup is wrong. As Yuya, Yugo, Celina, Shay, Declan and the High Council watch, Zuzu says that without unity in the hearts of everyone, all of them are at risk of  Duel Academy 's invasion. Zuzu pleads for everyone watching to build bridges and form bonds, regardless of the person's background; when everyone stands together, they can resist Duel Academy and bring the interdimensional war to an end. Yuya smiles, knowing that the crowd are listening.
 Sergey, however, is not convinced, saying that Zuzu made the mistake of addressing the crowd before she's even won, and he's happy to see her overconfidence crushed in front of him. He repeats the word "endure" several times, and says it was all worth it (in the dub, Sergey says he may be low on LP but it was well worth it, and refers to Zuzu's mercy and worry as signs of weakness that must be destroyed). In Roget's office, several error warnings flash and sound. Roget knows the warnings are due to Sergey's limiters overloading, and muses that they need more work (in the dub, Roget tries to stop Sergey). Back at the duel, Sergey tells Zuzu that his previous round with  Damon  was not beautiful, but this one with Zuzu is different, because Zuzu cared for him too much and tried to call the duel off. Sergey calls it "beautiful", and says he will give the duel a "beautiful" send-off - with his victory (in the dub, he recalls how many tried to stop him and zero succeeded - a number that won't change today, before saying goodbye to Zuzu). Zuzu gasps. 
 Sergey speeds out in front, and begins his turn by activating "Polymerization". Paying no heed to Zuzu's reaction, Sergey fuses "Van", "Darli" and "Zuma" on his side of the field to  Fusion Summon  " Thorn Overserver Vandarlizuma ", which also has 0 ATK. Melissa is wondering what Sergey's strategy to win is, while the watching Yuya tries to see it coming, and tells Zuzu to watch out. Zuzu herself is worried, though wonders how Sergey will win with a 0 ATK monster. Sergey uses "Vandarlizuma's" effect to make its ATK become double the difference between 2500 and his own Life Points. Celina and Yuya both independently work out the value to be 4600, and Zuzu becomes even more horrified. Then, Sergey pays 100 Life Points to reduce "Bloom Prima's" ATK to 100. "Bloom Prima" is bound by a ball of thorns through this effect of "Vandarlizuma", whose ATK becomes 4800 due to the paid Life Points. Melissa commentates, having seen Sergey's reversal strategy in action for the first time. Yuya realizes that Sergey shaved off his Life Points just for this effect (in the dub, he knows Sergey will take out Zuzu). Declan refers to another proverb relating to Sergey's strategy, but thinks there's more to it.
 With that, "Vandarlizuma" goes for the bound "Bloom Prima". A thorn-encrusted disc is hurled towards "Bloom Prima". Zuzu gasps, but then notices an Action Card in front of her that Sergey dodged. Determined, Zuzu goes for the Action Card, reaching out her right hand to grab hold of it. But Sergey has a better idea. Telling Zuzu that her struggle is "beautiful but unsightly" (in the dub, Sergey says that nothing will save Zuzu, and tells her to feel his rage), he immediately brakes his Duel Runner and swerves it to the left, so that it's stationary in front of the Action Card Zuzu tries to take. Zuzu sees this but cannot react quickly enough; her Duel Runner collides with Sergey's and rebounds into the air. Yuya cries out; Celina, Crow, Shay and Yugo are all shocked as well. Sergey tells the "lone flower" to "scatter" (in the dub, Sergey addresses Zuzu with "You lose"), just before "Vandarlizuma's" disc strikes the thorn-bound "Bloom Prima". Zuzu's Life Points fall to zero just as she appears to have let go of her Duel Runner. At the next moment, she crashes into a building, appearing on the floor exhibiting several Duel Runners, including replicas of  Phoenix Whirlwind ,  and blacks out when she hits the wheel of one near the other side. An explosion is then seen and heard where Zuzu entered the building.
 Sergey says "Beautiful" ("Farewell" in the dub), not realizing what he had done. Roget slams his fist, knowing that Sergey's reckless move failed to bring Zuzu to him, and has  Sector Security  scramble to the building she ended up in. Yuya, in a state of shock after seeing what just happened, watches Melissa announce Sergey as the victor while he rides his impacted Duel Runner back to the Palace. The cameras then turn their focus to the building Zuzu was flung into, and Melissa notes that smoke has filled the floor where the explosion happened. She too is worried for Zuzu and wonders if she will be okay. Yuya cries "Zuzu! ("No!" in the dub)" 
 
 Featured Duel: Zuzu Boyle vs. Sergey Volkov 
       Zuzu  vs.  Sergey .     
 At the start of the  Duel , the  Field Spell Card  " Crossover Acceleration " is  activated , as per the rules of an  Action Duel  and a  Turbo Duel . It will allow the players to use  Action Cards , but they may only have one in their  hand  at a time.
 Turn 1: Zuzu 
 Zuzu   Normal Summons  " Canon the Melodious Diva " (1400/2000) and  Sets  a card, while her hand contains " Mozarta the Melodious Maestra ", " Solo the Melodious Songstress " and " Re-Fusion ".
 Turn 2: Sergey 
 Sergey  Normal Summons " Thorn Prisoner Van " (0/0).
 Turn 3: Zuzu 
Zuzu  activates  her  face-down  " Melodious Rhythm Change ", letting her  return  a " Melodious "  monster  on the  field  to the hand and  Special Summon  another "Melodious" monster from her hand. She returns "Canon" and Special Summons "Mozarta" (2600/2000) in  Attack Position . Zuzu then activates the effect of "Mozarta", letting her Special Summon a  Level  4 or lower "Melodious" monster from her hand  once per turn . She Special Summons "Canon" (1400/2000) in Attack Position and Normal Summons "Solo" (1600/1000). "Mozarta"  attacks  "Van", but Sergey activates the effect of "Van", letting him  reveal  a " Thorn Prisoner " monster in his hand and  pay  400  LP  to reduce the  battle damage  to 0. He reveals " Thorn Prisoner Darli " (Sergey: 4000 → 3600). The attack continues and "Van" is  destroyed . At the end of the  Damage Step , the effect of "Van" activates, Special Summoning itself from the  Graveyard  and the revealed monster from his hand. He Special Summons "Van" (0/0) and "Darli" (0/0), both in Attack Position. Solo attacks "Darli", but Sergey activates the effect of "Darli" as he  controls  another "Thorn Prisoner" monster, letting him pay 400 LP (Sergey: 3600 → 3200) to  negate  an attack once per  turn . "Canon" attacks and destroys "Darli" (Sergey: 3200 → 1800). [Notes 1] 
 Turn 4: Sergey 
Sergey Normal Summons another copy of "Darli" (0/0). Sergey  tunes  the Level 1 "Van" with the Level 1 "Darli" to  Synchro Summon  " Thorn Observer Zuma " (0/0) in Attack Position. Its effect activates as it was Synchro Summoned, placing a  Thorn Counter  on every monster on the field. As long as "Zuma" is on the field, monsters with Thorn Counters cannot attack and the  turn player  will take 400 damage for every Thorn Counter on the field during each  End Phase . Sergey Sets a card (Sergey: 1800 → 1400).
 Turn 5: Zuzu 
Zuzu  draws  " Polymerization ". Sergey activates his face-down " Thorn Growth ", which will inflict 400 damage to the turn player during the End Phase for every Thorn Counter on the field, but when a Thorn Counter leaves the field, Sergey will take 100 damage for each Counter. Zuzu activates "Polymerization",  fusing  "Canon" and "Mozarta" with "Solo" to  Fusion Summon  " Bloom Prima the Melodious Choir " (1900/2000) in Attack Position. Zuzu's hand contains " 1st Movement Solo " and "Re-Fusion". The effect of "Bloom Prima" increases its own  ATK  by 300 for each  Fusion Material  used (1900 → 2800), while the effect of "Thorn Growth" inflicts 300 damage to Sergey as three Thorn Counters have left the field (Sergey: 1400 → 1100). "Bloom Prima" attacks and destroys "Zuma", with Sergey activating the effect of "Zuma" as it was  targeted  for an attack while its Synchro Materials are in the Graveyard. He can pay 400 LP (Sergey: 1100 → 700) to reduce the battle damage to 0, but the effect of "Thorn Growth" inflicts another 100 damage to him as a Thorn Counter left the field (Sergey: 700 → 600). As there are no Thorn Counters on the field, the other effect of "Thorn Growth" causes it to destroy itself. At the end of the Damage Step, the effect of "Zuma" lets Sergey Special Summon "Zuma" and both of its Synchro Materials from the Graveyard in Attack Position. He Special Summons "Zuma" (0/0), "Van" (0/0) and "Darli" (0/0). "Bloom Prima" can attack twice per  Battle Phase , so it attacks "Zuma", but Sergey activates the effect of "Darli" as he controls another "Thorn Prisoner" monster, paying 400 LP (Sergey: 600 → 200) to negate the attack. 
 Turn 6: Sergey 
Sergey activates "Polymerization", fusing "Van" and "Darli" with "Zuma" to Fusion Summon " Thorn Overserver Vandarlizuma " (0/0) in Attack Position. Its effect makes its ATK the value of Sergey's current Life Points subtracted from 2500, then doubled (0 → 4600). Sergey activates the effect of "Van Darli Zuma", letting him pay 100 LP (Sergey: 200 → 100) once per turn to change an opponent's monster's ATK to 100 until the end of this turn ("Bloom Prima": 2800 → 100, "Van Darli Zuma": 4600 → 4800). "Van Darli Zuma" attacks "Bloom Prima", with Zuzu attempting to grab an Action Card, but Sergey rams his  Duel Runner  into hers to block the attempt. The attack continues and "Bloom Prima" is destroyed (Zuzu: 4000 → 0).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Zuzu Boyle Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Canon the Melodious Diva 
 Mozarta the Melodious Maestra 
 Solo the Melodious Songstress Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Bloom Prima the Melodious Choir Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 1st Movement Solo 
 Polymerization 
 Re-Fusion 
 Traps 
 Melodious Rhythm Change 
 
 Sergey Volkov Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Thorn Prisoner Van 
 Tuner monsters 
 Thorn Prisoner Darli  x2 Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Thorn Overserver Vandarlizuma 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Thorn Observer Zuma Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Polymerization 
 Traps 
 Thorn Growth 
 
 Action Field Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 
 Flashback Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Chaos Ancient Gear Giant 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Raidraptor - Revolution Falcon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Crossover Acceleration 
 In other languages 
 
 
 Language
 
 Title
 
 
  French 
 Condamnés à vaincre
 
 
  Italian 
 Un Duello Devastante
 
 
  Thai 
 ศิลปะแห่งการทำลาย
 
 Notes 
 
 ↑   Though the damage is shown being inflicted,  Sergey 's  LP  are not actually shown being reduced, but future shown counts of his LP take this 1400 damage into account. 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V   season 2 episodes 
 #050 " Dueling Declan " #051 " Kings vs. Dragons " #052 " Parental Guidance: Part 1 " #053 " Parental Guidance: Part 2 " #054 " City 'Scape " #055 " Tops Speed " #056 " Synchro Sector " #057 " Super Duelists " #058 " Scream for the Green " #059 " Dueling’s Most Wanted " #060 " Showdown in the Slammer " #061 " Hero's Fall " #062 " The Great Escape " #063 " Fight for Freedom " #064 " Match with the Master " #065 " Traits of a Traitor " #066 " Crow's Crew " #067 " Riley's Reveal " #068 " Common Cause " #069 " A Concerted Effort " #070 " The Gift of Grit " #071 " Duel Consequences " #072 " Turbotainers " #073 " Turning Point " #074 " A Traitor Unmasked " #075 " Shay's Revenge " #076 " Plans of Attack " #077 " A Cons Game " #078 " Rebel Road " #079 " Road To Rebellion " #080 " Where the Truth Lies " #081 " Battle Birds " #082 " Warriors of the Air " #083 " A Matter of Trust " #084 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 1 " #085 " A Plan and a Promise: Part 2 " #086 " Against All Odds " #087 " The Many Dimensions of Yuya " #088 " Wake Up Call " #089 " Hunted and Hounded " #090 " Down with the Underground " #091 " Chain Game " #092 " Tragic Reunion " #093 " Road Rage: Part 1 " #094 " Road Rage: Part 2 " #095 " Martial Law " #096 " The Imitation " #097 " Making it Mine " #098 " Friendship Finale " #099 " A Vicious Cycle " 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/52/ArcV_077.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20151011140339', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/96/Zuzu_Serious_Looks.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20180708234151', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/Yuzu_VS_Sergey.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20151011143338', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c3/Flag_of_France.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/20?cb=20081120204212', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V episodes