Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Trey_(Duel_Links)


 
 Trey 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 スリー 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile appearances 
 " Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links " 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Nicholas Corda [1] 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kyousuke Ikeda 
 
 
 
Trey is a  Legendary Duelist  in  Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links . This is a video game depiction of  Trey , a character from the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime. He appeared as a Roaming Duelist on July 2, 2021. and he officially became an unlockable character on September 1st in his own dedicated event " For the Sake of the Family: Trey Arrives ".
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Description 
 2   Gallery 
 3   Decks 
 
 3.1   Character 
 3.2   Level 10 
 3.3   Level 20 
 3.4   Level 30 
 3.5   Level 40 
 3.6   Tag Duel Tournament 
 3.7   Special Event 
 
 
 4   Duel Rewards 
 5   Level-up Rewards 
 6   Skills 
 7   Dialogue 
 
 7.1   Character-specific 
 7.2   Card-specific 
 
 
 8   Unused Dialogue 
 
 
 Description 
 Vetrix's youngest son would do anything for his father, including fighting against Yuma. He played Chronomaly cards, such as " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis ", which he learned about from his father's research.
 
 Gallery 
 Profile Icon Cut-In Summoning pose Defeat 
 Decks 
 Character 
 
 Trey Deck Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Jar  x3 
 Dragon Statue  x3 
 Haniwa  x3 
 Rock Spirit 
 The Statue of Easter Island  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chronomaly Golden Jet 
 Chronomaly Mud Golem Spells  (2) &  Traps  (3) 
 Spells 
 Pyramid Energy 
 Sacred Defense Barrier 
 Traps 
 Castle Walls 
 Earthshaker  x2 
 Level 10 
 
 Hope for the Future Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Ancient Jar  x3 
 Haniwa  x3 
 Rock Ogre Grotto 2  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chronomaly Crystal Skull  x3 
 Chronomaly Sol Monolith  x2 
 Doki Doki Spells  (3) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Chronomaly City Babylon 
 Chronomaly Technology  x2 
 Traps 
 Rock Bombardment 
 Spiritual Earth Art - Kurogane 
 Level 20 
 
 Divine Artifacts Monsters  (15) 
 Normal Monsters 
 Rock Spirit  x2 
 The Statue of Easter Island  x3 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chronomaly Crystal Bones 
 Chronomaly Crystal Skull  x3 
 Chronomaly Gordian Knot  x2 
 Chronomaly Sol Monolith 
 Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket 
 Doki Doki  x2 Extra Deck  (1) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Canyon 
 Chronomaly City Babylon 
 Chronomaly Technology  x2 
 Traps 
 Rock Bombardment 
 Level 30 
 
 Meteor Meltdown Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem 
 Chronomaly Colossal Head 
 Chronomaly Crystal Bones  x2 
 Chronomaly Crystal Skull  x2 
 Chronomaly Golden Jet 
 Chronomaly Gordian Knot  x2 
 Chronomaly Mayan Machine  x2 
 Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket 
 Chronomaly Winged Sphinx  x2 
 World Legacy - "World Armor" Extra Deck  (2) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech  x2 Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Chronomaly City Babylon  x2 
 Chronomaly Technology  x2 
 Traps 
 Stonehenge Methods 
 Level 40 
 
 Meteor Meltdown Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem 
 Chronomaly Cabrera Trebuchet 
 Chronomaly Crystal Bones 
 Chronomaly Crystal Skull 
 Chronomaly Golden Jet 
 Chronomaly Gordian Knot 
 Chronomaly Moai  x2 
 Chronomaly Moai Carrier 
 Chronomaly Mud Golem 
 Chronomaly Nebra Disk 
 Chronomaly Sol Monolith 
 Chronomaly Tula Guardian 
 Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket 
 Chronomaly Winged Sphinx Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech  x2 
 Number 36: Chronomaly Chateau Huyuk Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Chronomaly City Babylon  x2 
 Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet 
 Chronomaly Technology 
 Traps 
 Stonehenge Methods 
 Tag Duel Tournament 
 
 Arclight Tag Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem 
 Chronomaly Cabrera Trebuchet 
 Chronomaly Crystal Bones 
 Chronomaly Crystal Skull 
 Chronomaly Golden Jet 
 Chronomaly Gordian Knot 
 Chronomaly Mayan Machine 
 Chronomaly Moai 
 Chronomaly Moai Carrier 
 Chronomaly Mud Golem 
 Chronomaly Nebra Disk 
 Chronomaly Sol Monolith 
 Chronomaly Tula Guardian 
 Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket 
 Chronomaly Winged Sphinx Extra Deck  (3) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech 
 Number 36: Chronomaly Chateau Huyuk Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Chronomaly City Babylon  x2 
 Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet 
 Chronomaly Technology 
 Traps 
(  Stonehenge Methods 
 Special Event 
 
 Existence of the Another Dimension Monsters  (14) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chronomaly Moai  x2 
 Chronomaly Crystal Bones  x3 
 Chronomaly Crystal Skull  x3 
 Chronomaly Nebra Disk  x3 
 Chronomaly Golden Jet  x3 Extra Deck  (7) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis 
 Number 36: Chronomaly Chateau Huyuk  x3 
 Gorgonic Guardian  x2 
 Digvorzhak, King of Heavy Industry Spells  (4) &  Traps  (2) 
 Spells 
 Chronomaly Technology 
 Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet  x2 
 Chronomaly City Babylon 
 Traps 
 Stonehenge Methods  x2 
 Partner 
 
 I'll share my power with you! Monsters  (15) 
 Effect Monsters 
 Chronomaly Moai  x2 
 Chronomaly Crystal Bones  x3 
 Chronomaly Crystal Skull  x3 
 Chronomaly Nebra Disk  x3 
 Chronomaly Golden Jet  x3 
 Chronomaly Sol Monolith Extra Deck  (4) 
 Xyz Monsters 
 Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis 
 Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech 
 Number 36: Chronomaly Chateau Huyuk 
 Chronomaly Crystal Chrononaut Spells  (4) &  Traps  (1) 
 Spells 
 Chronomaly Technology 
 Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet  x2 
 Chronomaly City Babylon 
 Traps 
 Stonehenge Methods 
 
 
 Duel Rewards 
 When dueling against Level 40 Trey, these are the only cards that can drop; at lower levels, cards from the standard pool for  Legendary Duelists  may also drop.
 
 
 
 Rarity
 
 Card
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Chronomaly Moai "
 
 
 UR 
 
 " Chronomaly Tula Guardian "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Chronomaly Golden Jet "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Chronomaly Mud Golem "
 
 
 SR 
 
 " Sacred Defense Barrier "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Rock Spirit "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Pyramid Energy "
 
 
 R 
 
 " Invigoration "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Ancient Jar "
 
 
 N 
 
 " Haniwa "
 
 Level-up Rewards 
 
 
 Level
 
 Reward
 
 
 2
 
 5 Gems
 
 
 3
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Mayan Machine "
 
 
 4
 
 10 Gems
 
 
 5
 
 Deck slot (Trey)
 
 
 6
 
 15 Gems
 
 
 7
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Cabrera Trebuchet "
 
 
 8
 
 Deck slot (Trey)
 
 
 9
 
 20 Gems
 
 
 10
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet "
 
 
 11
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Crystal Bones "
 
 
 12
 
 35 Gems
 
 
 13
 
 Numbers' Rule (Skill)
 
 
 14
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Mayan Machine "
 
 
 15
 
 50 Gems
 
 
 16
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Cabrera Trebuchet "
 
 
 17
 
 60 Gems
 
 
 18
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet "
 
 
 19
 
 75 Gems
 
 
 20
 
 Gateway to the Another Dimension (Skill)
 
 
 21
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Crystal Bones "
 
 
 22
 
 100 Gems
 
 
 23
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Mayan Machine "
 
 
 24
 
 120 Gems
 
 
 25
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Cabrera Trebuchet "
 
 
 26
 
 150 Gems
 
 
 27
 
 Deck slot (Trey)
 
 
 28
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 29
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 30
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Technology "
 
 
 31
 
 100,000 Gold
 
 
 32
 
 200 Gems
 
 
 33
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet "
 
 
 34
 
 250 Gems
 
 
 35
 
 1 copy of " Chronomaly Crystal Bones "
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Skill
 
 Effect
 
 Unlock
 
 
 Divine Artifacts
 
 At the beginning of the Duel, 1 "Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis" is added to your Extra Deck. In addition, this effect can be used once per Duel. Reveal 1 "Chronomaly" monster in your hand and change the Level of all "Chronomaly" monsters on your field to the Level of the monster you revealed.
 
 Level 1
 
 
 Numbers' Rule
 
 Until the end of your opponent's next turn, 1 "Number" monster you control cannot be destroyed by battle except by another "Number" monster. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Level 13
 
 
 Gateway to the Another Dimension
 
 Send 1 monster from your Deck/Extra Deck to your Graveyard and change the Level of all monsters on your field to the Level/Rank of the monster you have sent to the Graveyard. If you send a monster to your Graveyard from your Deck, you can send 1 monster to your Graveyard from your hand. This Skill will only activate if you begin the Duel with a Deck that follows the conditions below.
 Your Deck/Extra Deck contains no monsters other than "Chronomaly" monsters or LIGHT "Number" monsters. 
 You Deck contains 12 or more "Chronomaly" monsters. 
 
 Level 20
 
 
 Chronomaly Resonance
 
 Return 1 "Chronomaly" monster on your field to your hand and play 1 "Chronomaly" monster with a Level higher than the monster you returned. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Duels of Babylon
 
 Begin Duel with "Chronomaly City Babylon" activated. This Skill can only be used if you begin the Duel with a Deck/Extra Deck that contains no monsters other than "Chronomaly" monsters or "Number" monsters.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Family Gift
 
 Can only be used the turn you have activated the effect of a "Chronomaly" Spell Card. Return 1 card from your hand to your Deck and add "Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem" to your hand from outside of your Deck. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Ley Line Energy
 
 Select 1 monster with 3000 or above ATK on both players' field and switch the ATK of the two monsters. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Orichalcum Chain
 
 Select 1 "Chronomaly" monster on your field and place 1 "Chronomaly" Xyz Monster with the same Level on top of it from your Extra Deck. (This will be treated as an Xyz Summon.) You cannot Summon any other monsters during the turn you activate this Skill. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Event
 
 
 Outdated Artifacts
 
 Return 1 "Chronomaly" monster in your Graveyard to your hand that was sent to the Graveyard at least 2 turns before your turn. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Re-Atlandis
 
 Select 1 "Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis" on your field and equip 1 "Number" monster from your Graveyard to "Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis" as if it were equipped by this monster's effect. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Overlay Regeneration
 
 Place 1 Spell Card in your hand underneath 1 Xyz Monster you control to make it an Xyz Material. This Skill can only be used once per Duel.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: EARTH
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random EARTH-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 Draw Sense: LIGHT
 
 Can be used each time your Life Points decrease by 1500. During your Draw Phase, instead of conducting your normal draw, draw a random LIGHT-attribute monster.
 
 Drop
 
 
 LP Boost α
 
 Increases starting Life Points by 1000.
 
 Drop
 
 Dialogue 
 Character-specific 
 Yuma and Astral 
 
 When starting a Duel with  Yuma and Astral , Trey announces "Here I go, Yuma!" followed by "I can't wait to see how you feel the flow!"
 When he wins the Duel, Trey says "Yuma... you're the only true friend I have..." 
 When he loses the Duel, Trey says "By teaming with Astral, you've grown a lot stronger, Yuma." 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 
 When starting a Duel with  Reginald Kastle , Trey announces "My brother's busy, so I'll face you on instead!"
 When he wins the Duel, Trey says "Since you've mastered your Number, I knew you'd be tough!" 
 Quattro 
 
 When starting a Duel with  Quattro , Trey announces "I'll take you on, Quattro!"
 When he wins the Duel, Trey says "We're brothers! We shouldn't be fighting each other!" 
 When he loses the Duel, Trey says "Ouch! That's going too far, brother!" 
 Card-specific 
 Monsters 
 
 When Trey Summons " Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis ", a cut-in frame of Trey briefly appears, and Trey announces "Reveal yourself, Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis!" If that player hasn't already summoned "Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis" during that Duel, a cutscene of "Number 6: Chronomaly Atlandis" being summoned plays afterwards.
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Atlandis!" followed by "Eternal Devastation!" 
 When Trey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Atlandis's effect activates! When it's Xyz Summoned, it equips a Number in my Graveyard! 
 When Trey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Atlandis's effect! It uses 1 Overlay Unit to cut your Life Points in half!" followed by "Orichalcum Gate!" 
 When Trey Summons " Number 32: Shark Drake ", he chants  "This denizen of the deep is thirsting for a feeding frenzy!"  Afterwards, a cut-in frame of Trey's face briefly appears, and he announces  "Number 32: Shark Drake!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Shark Drake, sink your teeth to the bone!" followed by "Deep Sea Destruction!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Shark Drake's effect! It revives your monster, but with fewer ATK! Then, it can battle your monster again!" 
 When Trey Summons " Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech ", a cut-in frame of Trey briefly appears, and he announces "Appear, Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Machu Mech, attack!" followed by "Meteor Meltdown!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Machu Mech's effect!" followed by "Infinity Cannon!" 
 When Trey Summons " Number 36: Chronomaly Chateau Huyuk " a cut-in frame of Trey's face briefly appears, he announces "Here's Number 36: Chronomaly Chateau Huyuk!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Chronomaly Chateau Huyuk attacks!" 
 When Trey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to activate Chateau Huyuk's effect! Your monster's ATK drop to 0 until the end of the turn!" 
 When Trey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I tribute my Chronomaly to activate Chateau Huyuk's effect! Your monster's ATK changed, so it's destroyed! 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem ", he announces "Go, Chronomaly Aztec Mask Golem!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Aztec Mask Golem!" followed by "Palenque Power Pummel!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Cabrera Trebuchet ", he announces "Chronomaly Cabrera Trebuchet!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Cabrera Trebuchet attacks!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Cabrera Trebuchet's effect activates! I tribute a Chronomaly to lower your monster's ATK!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Crystal Bones ", he announces "Chronomaly Crystal Bones!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack Crystal Bones!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Crystal Bones Summoned itself, so I can revive a Chronomaly!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Crystal Skull ", he announces "Chronomaly Crystal Skull!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Crystal Skull, attack!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Crystal Skull's effect from my hand! I add a Chronomaly from my deck or Graveyard to my hand!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Golden Jet ", he announces "Chronomaly Golden Jet!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Golden Jet attacks!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Golden Jet's effect activates! It raises my Chronomaly monsters' Levels by 1!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Mayan Machine ", he announces "Chronomaly Mayan Machine!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Mayan Machine, run 'em over!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Moai ", he announces "Here's Chronomaly Moai!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Chronomaly Moai, attack!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Moai Carrier ", he announces "Chronomaly Moai Carrier!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Moai Carrier attacks!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Mud Golem ", he announces "Chronomaly Mud Golem!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Go, Mud Golem!" followed by "Electro Laser!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Nebra Disk ", he announces "Chronomaly Nebra Disk!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Nebra Disk!" 
 When Trey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "When Nebra Disk is Summoned, I can activate its effect! I add a Chronomaly card in my deck to my hand!" 
 When Trey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "Nebra Disk's effect activates from the Graveyard! It resurrects when I only have Chronomaly monsters in play!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Sol Monolith ", he announces "Chronomaly Sol Monolith, show yourself!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Sol Monolith, attack!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Sol Monolith's effect activates! Once per turn. it can change my Chronomaly's Level to 6!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Tula Guardian ", he announces "Chronomaly Tula Guardian!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Do it, Tula Guardian!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket ", he announces "Chronomaly Tuspa Rocket!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Tuspa Rocket, fire!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Tuspa Rocket's effect activates! I send a Chronomaly to the Grave to lower a monster's ATK!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Winged Sphinx ", he announces "Chronomaly Winged Sphinx!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Winged Sphinx attacks!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "By Summoning this sphinx, I can revive a Level 5 Chronomaly!" 
 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Trey activates " Chronomaly City Babylon ", he announces "I activate the Field Spell, Chronomaly City Babylon!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Trey announces "I activate Chronomaly City Babylon's effect! I banish a Chronomaly from my Graveyard to revive another!" 
 When Trey activates " Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet ", he announces  "I play the Continuous Spell, Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet! The Chronomaly monsters on my field gain extra ATK!" 
 When Trey activates " Chronomaly Technology ", he announces "I activate the Spell Card, Chronomaly Technology! I look at 2 cards in my deck, and add 1 to my hand!" 
 When Trey activates " Stonehenge Methods ", he announces " I activate my Trap, Stonehenge Methods! When my Chronomaly is destroyed, I can Summon another!" 
 Unused Dialogue 
 Monsters 
 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Acambaro Figures ", he announces "Chronomaly Acambaro Figures!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Acambaro Figures, attack!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Acambaro Figures' effect activates from my Graveyard! I pay my Life Points to Special Summon it from my Graveyard!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Colossal Head ", he announces "Here's Chronomaly Colossal Head!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Colossal Head, take 'em down!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Chronomaly Colossal Head's effect! I banish it from my Grave to swich a monster to Defense!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Crystal Chrononaut ", he announces "Rise up, Chronomaly Crystal Chrononaut!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Crystal Chrononaut attacks!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "I use 1 Overlay Unit to play Crystal Chrononaut's effect! When it battles, you take the damage I would have taken!" followed by "Reflect Flash!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Gordian Knot ", he announces "Chronomaly Gordian Knot!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "I attack with my Gordian Knot!" 
 When Trey activates the effect of that monster, he announces "Gordian Knot Special Summons a Chronomaly from my hand! And, it becomes the same Level as the monster it Summoned!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Magella Globe ", he announces "Chronomaly Magella Globe!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "My Magella Globe attacks!" 
 When Trey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Magella Globe's effect! I tribute it to Special Summon a Chronomaly from my deck!" 
 When Trey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I activate Magella Globe's effect from my Graveyard! I can retrieve it by banishing a Chronomaly in my Graveyard!" 
 When Trey Summons " Chronomaly Vimana ", he announces "Here comes Chronomaly Vimana!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Attack, Chronomaly Vimana!" 
 When Trey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Vimana targets a monster on the field, and in the Graveyard! The first gains ATK, and the other becomes an Overlay Unit!" 
 When Trey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "That won't work! I activate Chronomaly Vimana's effect! By using 2 Overlay Units, I negate your monster's effect!" 
 When Trey Summons " Number C6: Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis ", he chants " Haaaa! Chaos Xyz Evolution!"  followed by  "Transend time and space to emerge in this world! Number C6!"  Afterwards, he announces "Chronomaly Chaos Atlandis!"
 Most of the time when Trey declares an attack with that monster, he announces "Get 'em Chaos Atlandis!" followed by "Chaos Punishment!" 
 When Trey activates the first effect of that monster, he announces "Chaos Atlandis's effect acitvates! It can equip one of your monsters once per turn!" 
 When Trey activates the second effect of that monster, he announces "I use 3 Overlay Units to activate Chaos Atlandis's effect! I get rid of its equipped Numbers to make your Life Points equal 100!" 
 Spells/Traps 
 
 When Trey activates " Chronomaly Esperanza Glyph ", he annonces "I activate my Trap, Chronomaly Esperanza Glyph! I Summon 2 Chronomaly monsters, and use them to Xyz Summon!" 
 When Trey activates " Chronomaly Temple - Trilithon ", he announces "I play my Continuous Spell, Chronomaly Temple - Trilithon!
 When activating the effect of that card, Trey announces "I activate Chronomaly Temple - Trilithon's effect! I pay my Life Points to Summon a Chronomaly monster from my hand!" 
 When Trey activates " Number Wall ", he announces "I activate the Continuous Trap, Number Wall! Number Wall's effect protects my monsters!" 
 When Trey activates " Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force ", he announces "I activate Rank-Up-Magic Argent Chaos Force!"
 When activating the effect of that card, Trey announces "Argent Chaos Force's effect activates from the Graveyard! I add this card to my hand!" 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links  characters Playable Duelists 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 Yami Yugi 
 Seto Kaiba 
 Joey Wheeler 
 Mai Valentine 
 Téa Gardner 
 Yugi Muto 
 Weevil Underwood 
 Rex Raptor 
 Mako Tsunami 
 Yami Marik 
  Yami Bakura 
 Bandit Keith 
  Ishizu Ishtar 
 Odion 
 Maximillion Pegasus 
 Mokuba Kaiba 
 Paradox Brothers 
 Arkana 
 Bonz 
 Espa Roba 
 Tristan Taylor 
 Lumis and Umbra 
 Duke Devlin 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions 
 Seto Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Mokuba Kaiba (DSOD) 
 Yugi Muto (DSOD) 
 Joey Wheeler (DSOD) 
 Téa Gardner (DSOD) 
 Aigami 
 Sera 
 Scud 
 Bakura (DSOD) 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX 
 Jaden Yuki 
 Zane Truesdale 
 Aster Phoenix 
 Jesse Anderson 
 Chazz Princeton 
 Alexis Rhodes 
 Dr. Vellian Crowler 
 Yubel 
 Bastion Misawa 
 Syrus Truesdale 
 Tyranno Hassleberry 
 Sartorius Kumar 
 Jaden/Yubel 
 Blair Flannigan 
 Axel Brodie 
 Supreme King 
 Jim Crocodile Cook 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 Yusei Fudo 
 Jack Atlas 
 Crow Hogan 
 Akiza Izinski 
 Leo 
 Luna 
 Officer Tetsu Trudge 
 Dark Signer Kalin Kessler 
 Antinomy 
 Dark Signer Carly Carmine 
 Dark Signer Rex Goodwin 
 Kalin Kessler 
 Carly Carmine 
 Primo 
 Aporia 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Yuma and Astral 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle 
 Rio Kastle 
 Bronk Stone 
 Tori Meadows 
 Kite Tenjo 
 Quattro 
 Trey 
 Anna Kaboom 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ARC-V 
 Yuya Sakaki 
 Zuzu Boyle 
 Gong Strong 
 Sylvio Sawatari 
 Declan Akaba 
 Yuto 
 Sora Perse 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS 
 Playmaker and Ai 
 Soulburner 
 The Gore 
 Blue Angel 
 
 Non-playable Duelists 
 Standard Duelists 
 Alyssa 
 Andrew 
 Ashley 
 Bella 
 Chloe 
 Christine 
 Daniel 
 David 
 Emma 
 Emmeline 
 Erika 
 Evan 
 Fani 
 Hailey 
 Handsome Stan 
 Henry 
 Jay 
 Jess 
 Josh 
 Kylie 
 Liam 
 Logan 
 Madison 
 Margaret 
 Meg 
 Mia 
 Mickey 
 Nick 
 Oliver 
 Ruby 
 Sector Security 
 Theo 
 Wild Dan 
 Zachary 
 Legendary Duelists 
 Jakob 
 Lester 
 Marik Ishtar 
 Mizar 
 Quinton 
 ZEXAL 
 Z-one 
 Paradox 
 Tower Monster  / Tower Boss Monster 
 Abaki 
 Alien Grey 
 Ancient Brain 
 Archlord Kristya 
 Battle Footballer 
 Behemoth the King of All Animals 
 Beiige, Vanguard of Dark World 
 Blast Asmodian 
 Bone Crusher 
 Bottom Dweller 
 Brron, Mad King of Dark World 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Dark Blade 
 Dark Master - Zorc 
 Dark Ruler Ha Des 
 Des Kangaroo 
 Desert Twister 
 Doom Dozer 
 Earthbound Immortal Ccarayhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Chacu Challhua 
 Earthbound Immortal Cusillu 
 Earthbound Immortal Uru 
 Evil HERO Infernal Gainer 
 Evil HERO Lightning Golem 
 Evil HERO Malicious Edge 
 Flame Dancer 
 Five-Headed Dragon 
 Gaia Soul the Combustible Collective 
 Gladiator Beast Andal 
 Goblin Zombie 
 Gradius 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Green Baboon, Defender of the Forest 
 Guardian Baou 
 Guardian of the Labyrinth 
 Grapha, Dragon Lord of Dark World 
 Hamon, Lord of Striking Thunder 
 Headless Knight 
 Imairuka 
 Karate Man 
 King of the Skull Servants 
 La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp 
 Levia-Dragon - Daedalus 
 Megarock Dragon 
 Meklord Emperor Wisel 
 Mokey Mokey 
 Mokey Mokey King 
 Molten Zombie 
 Ocean Dragon Lord - Neo-Daedalus 
 Phantom Beast Wild-Horn 
 Poki Draco 
 Raviel, Lord of Phantasms 
 Reign-Beaux, Overlord of Dark World 
 Scarr, Scout of Dark World 
 Skilled Dark Magician 
 Skilled Red Magician 
 Skilled White Magician 
 Skull Knight 
 Skull Servant 
 Sky Scout 
 Sonic Shooter 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Star Boy 
 Stray Asmodian 
 The Creator 
 The Six Samurai - Nisashi 
 The Six Samurai - Yariza 
 Thunder Kid 
 Tornado Bird 
 Turu-Purun 
 Uminotaurus 
 Uria, Lord of Searing Flames 
 Vampire Dragon 
 Vampire Familiar 
 Vampire Genesis 
 Vampire Grace 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Vampire Lord 
 Vampire Retainer 
 Vampire Scarlet Scourge 
 Vampire Vamp 
 Volcanic Blaster 
 Volcanic Doomfire 
 Volcanic Hammerer 
 Volcanic Rat 
 Volcanic Rocket 
 Volcanic Shell 
 Volcanic Slicer 
 White Magician Pikeru 
 Witch's Apprentice 
 Yellow Baboon, Archer of the Forest 
 Zeman the Ape King 
 Zure, Knight of Dark World 
 Other 
 Chills 
 D.D. Trainer 
 Ghost 
 Lawton 
 Malcolm Crew 
 Mind-Controlled Joey 
 Ojama Brothers 
 Ojama Black 
 Ojama Green 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Orbital 7 
 Prana 
 Rare Hunters 
 Scorch 
 Strings 
 The Vagabond 
 The Vagrant 
 Tour Guide From the Underworld 
 Grady 
 
 Non-Duelists 
 Ancient Fairy Dragon 
 Card Trader 
 Card Trader EX 
 D.D. Guide 
 Magic Cowboy Tristan 
 MC 
 Roland 
 Vampire Hunter 
 Winged Kuriboh 
 
 
 ↑   https://www.nicholascorda.com/ 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/Trey-DULI.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/289?cb=20210707031007', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a6/Profile-DULI-Trey.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513232627', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b2/Icon-DULI-Trey.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513232647', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/af/Icon-DULI-Trey2.png/revision/latest?cb=20220513232714', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/19/CutIn-DULI-Trey.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220513232740', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/46/Summoning-DULI-Trey.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220513232758', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/01/Defeat-DULI-Trey.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185?cb=20220513232917', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Links characters