Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Nekroz_of_Unicore


 
 
 Nekroz of Unicore ユニコールの 影霊衣 
 
 English 
Nekroz of Unicore 
 French 
 Nékroz d'Unicore Check translation 
 German 
 Nekroz vom Einhorn Check translation 
 Italian 
 Nekroz di Unicorno Check translation 
 Korean 
 유니코르의 네크로즈 Check translation 
 Portuguese 
 Necroz de Unicore Check translation 
 Spanish 
 Necroz de Unicore Check translation 
 Japanese (kana) 
 ユニコールのネクロス Check translation 
 Japanese (base) 
 ユニコールの影霊衣 Check translation 
 Japanese ( rōmaji ) 
Yunikōru no Nekurosu 
 Card type 
 Monster   
 Attribute 
 WATER   
 Types 
 Spellcaster  /  Ritual  /  Effect 
 Level 
 4   
 ATK  /  DEF 
 2300  /  1000 
 Passcode 
 89463537 
 Card effect types 
 
 
 Summon 
 Summon 
 Ignition 
 Condition 
 Continuous Statuses Unlimited   
 Card descriptions 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
You can  Ritual Summon  this card with any " Nekroz "  Ritual Spell . Must be Ritual Summoned. You can  discard  this card, then  target  1 "Nekroz" card in your  GY , except "Nekroz of Unicore";  add  it to your  hand . You can only use this  effect  of "Nekroz of Unicore"  once per turn .  Negate  the effects of  face-up   monsters  on the  field  that were Special Summoned from the  Extra Deck . 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Vous pouvez Invoquer Rituellement cette carte avec une Carte Magie Rituelle "Nékroz". Uniquement Invocable Rituellement et non Invocable Spécialement autrement. Vous pouvez défausser cette carte, puis ciblez 1 carte "Nékroz" (Nékroz d'Unicore exclu) dans votre Cimetière ; ajoutez-la à votre main. Vous ne utiliser cet effet de "Nékroz d'Unicore" qu'une fois par tour. Annulez les effets des monstres face recto sur le Terrain qui ont été Invoques Spécialement depuis l'Extra Deck. 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Du kannst diese Karte mit einer beliebigen "Nekroz"-Ritualzauberkarte als Ritualbeschwörung beschwören. Muss als Ritualbeschwörung beschworen werden und kann nicht auf andere Art als Spezialbeschwörung beschworen werden. Du kannst diese Karte abwerfen und dann 1 "Nekroz"-Karte in deinem Friedhof wählen, außer "Nekroz vom Einhorn"; füge sie deiner Hand hinzu. Du kannst diesen Effekt von "Nekroz vom Einhorn" nur einmal pro Spielzug verwenden. Annulliere die Effekte von offenen Monstern auf dem Spielfeld, die als Spezialbeschwörung vom Extra Deck beschworen werden. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Puoi Evocare tramite Rituale questa carta con qualsiasi Magia Rituale "Nekroz". Deve essere Evocato tramite Rituale. Puoi scartare questa carta, poi scegliere come bersaglio 1 carta "Nekroz" nel tuo Cimitero, eccetto "Nekroz di Unicorno"; aggiungila alla tua mano. Puoi utilizzare questo effetto di "Nekroz di Unicorno" una sola volta per turno. Annulla gli effetti dei mostri scoperti sul Terreno che sono stati Evocati Specialmente dall'Extra Deck. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Você pode Invocar este card por Invocação-Ritual com qualquer Magia de Ritual "Necroz". Deve ser Invocado por Invocação-Ritual. Você pode descartar este card e, depois, escolher 1 card "Necroz" no seu Cemitério, exceto "Necroz de Unicore"; adicione-o à sua mão. Você só pode usar este efeito de "Necroz de Unicore" uma vez por turno. Negue os efeitos dos monstros com a face para cima no campo que foram Invocados por Invocação-Especial do Deck Adicional. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Puedes Invocar esta carta por Ritual con cualquier Mágica de Ritual "Necroz". Debe ser Invocada por Ritual. Puedes descartar esta carta, y después seleccionar 1 carta "Necroz" en tu Cementerio, excepto "Necroz de Unicore"; añádela a tu mano. Sólo puedes usar este efecto de "Necroz de Unicore" una vez por turno. Niega los efectos de los monstruos boca arriba en el Campo que fueron Invocados de Modo Especial desde el Deck Extra. 
 
 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 「影霊衣」儀式魔法カードにより降臨。このカードは儀式召喚でしか特殊召喚できない。このカード名の①の効果は１ターンに１度しか使用できない。①：このカードを手札から捨て、「ユニコールの影霊衣」以外の自分の墓地の「影霊衣」カード１枚を対象として発動できる。そのカードを手札に加える。②：このカードがモンスターゾーンに存在する限り、 ＥＸ デッキから特殊召喚された表側表示モンスターの効果は無効化される。 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 "네크로즈" 의식 마법 카드에 의해 의식 소환. 이 카드는 의식 소환으로밖에 특수 소환할 수 없다. "유니코르의 네크로즈"의 ①의 효과는 1턴에 1번밖에 사용할 수 없다. ① : 이 카드를 패에서 버리고, "유니코르의 네크로즈" 이외의 자신의 묘지의 "네크로즈" 카드 1장을 대상으로 하고 발동할 수 있다. 그 카드를 패에 넣는다. ② : 이 카드가 몬스터 존에 존재하는 한, 엑스트라 덱에서 특수 소환된 필드의 앞면 표시 몬스터의 효과는 무효화된다. 
 
 
 
 TCG  sets 
 
 
 
   English 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-EN016 The Secret Forces Secret Rare 2019-04-03 DUPO-EN088 Duel Power Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   French 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set French name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-FR016 The Secret Forces Les Forces Secrètes Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-FR088 Duel Power Le Pouvoir du Duel Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   German 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set German name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-DE016 The Secret Forces The Secret Forces Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-DE088 Duel Power Duel Power Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Italian 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Italian name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-IT016 The Secret Forces Le Forze Segrete Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-IT088 Duel Power l Potere del Duello Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Portuguese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Portuguese name Rarity 2015-02-13 THSF-PT016 The Secret Forces As Forças Secretas Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-PT088 Duel Power O Poder do Duelo Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Spanish 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Spanish name Rarity 2015-02-12 THSF-SP016 The Secret Forces Las Fuerzas Secretas Secret Rare 2019-04-04 DUPO-SP088 Duel Power El Poder del Duelo Ultra Rare 
 
 
 
 OCG  sets 
 
 
 
   Japanese 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Japanese name Rarity 2014-10-11 SPTR-JP016 Booster SP: Tribe Force ブースターＳＰ －トライブ・フォース－ Common 2014-10-11 SPTR-JP016 Booster SP: Tribe Force ブースターＳＰ －トライブ・フォース－ Normal Parallel Rare 2021-01-01 21TP-JP102 Tournament Pack 2021 Vol.1 トーナメントパック ２０２１ Ｖｏｌ．１ Super Rare 
 
 
 
 
 
   Korean 
 
 
 Release date Card code Set Korean name Rarity 2015-01-26 SPTR-KR016 Booster SP: Tribe Force 부스터-SP 트라이브포스 Common 2015-01-26 SPTR-KR016 Booster SP: Tribe Force 부스터-SP 트라이브포스 Normal Parallel Rare 
 
 
 
 Card search categories 
 
 
 Archetypes  and  series   
 Nekroz 
 
 Supports   archetypes   
 Nekroz 
 
 Related to  archetypes  and  series   
 Fabled 
 The Fabled 
 
 Actions  
 Discards itself for cost 
 Adds from Graveyard to hand 
 
 Monster / Spell / Trap  categories  
 Negates the effects of Effect Monsters 
 
 Summoning  categories  
 Nomi 
 
 Miscellaneous  
 Only once per turn 
 
 
 Other card information 
 Gallery 
 Rulings 
 Errata 
 Tips 
 Appearances 
 Trivia 
 Lores 
 Artworks 
 Names 
 External links 
 
  Yugioh-Card card database: 11486 ( ja  ( rulings )   en   fr   de   it   pt   es   ko ) YuGiOh Prices 
 
 
 
   
" Fabled " 「 魔 轟 神 」 Members 
 Fabled Andwraith Fabled Ashenveil Fabled Dianaira Fabled Dyf Fabled Gallabas Fabled Grimro Fabled Krus Fabled Kushano Fabled Leviathan Fabled Lurrie Fabled Marcosia Fabled Miztoji Fabled Oltro Fabled Ragin Fabled Raven Fabled Soulkius Fabled Topi Fabled Urustos Fabled Valkyrus The Fabled Abanc The Fabled Catsith The Fabled Cerburrel The Fabled Chawa The Fabled Ganashia The Fabled Kokkator The Fabled Kudabbi The Fabled Nozoochee The Fabled Peggulsus The Fabled Rubyruda The Fabled Unicore 
 Fabled Treason Stairway to a Fabled Realm 
 Support 
 Fabled Andwraith Fabled Dianaira Fabled Dyf Fabled Grimro Fabled Krus Fabled Kushano Fabled Leviathan Fabled Marcosia Fabled Miztoji Fabled Oltro Fabled Ragin Fabled Topi Fabled Urustos Fabled Valkyrus The Fabled Abanc The Fabled Chawa The Fabled Kokkator The Fabled Kudabbi The Fabled Nozoochee The Fabled Peggulsus The Fabled Rubyruda The Fabled Unicore 
 Fabled Treason Stairway to a Fabled Realm 
 Related 
 Evilswarm Thanatos Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus 
 
   
" Nekroz " 「 影霊衣 」 Members 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Nekroz of Areadbhair Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Catastor Nekroz of Clausolas Nekroz of Decisive Armor Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Sophia Nekroz of Trishula Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz 
 Nekroz Cycle Nekroz Kaleidoscope Nekroz Mirror 
 Support 
 Ariel, Priestess of the Nekroz Dance Princess of the Nekroz Exa, Enforcer of the Nekroz Great Sorcerer of the Nekroz Nekroz of Areadbhair Nekroz of Brionac Nekroz of Catastor Nekroz of Clausolas Nekroz of Decisive Armor Nekroz of Gungnir Nekroz of Sophia Nekroz of Trishula Nekroz of Unicore Nekroz of Valkyrus Shurit, Strategist of the Nekroz Zefrasaber, Swordmaster of the Nekroz Zefraxa, Flame Beast of the Nekroz 
 Nekroz Cycle Nekroz Kaleidoscope Nekroz Mirror 
 Related 
 Ally of Justice Catastor Ally of Justice Decisive Armor Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Dragunity Knight - Areadbhair El Shaddoll Anoyatyllis El Shaddoll Construct Fabled Valkyrus Gishki Ariel Gishki Avance Gishki Emilia Gungnir, Dragon of the Ice Barrier Hexa Spirit of the Ice Barrier Mist Bird Clausolas Naelshaddoll Ariel Sophia, Goddess of Rebirth Speaker for the Ice Barriers The Fabled Unicore Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier 
 
   
 The Fabled   魔 轟 神 獣 Members 
 The Fabled Abanc The Fabled Catsith The Fabled Cerburrel The Fabled Chawa The Fabled Ganashia The Fabled Kokkator The Fabled Kudabbi The Fabled Nozoochee The Fabled Peggulsus The Fabled Rubyruda The Fabled Unicore 
 Related 
 Evilswarm Thanatos Nekroz of Unicore 
 Obedience Schooled 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/9/94/NekrozofUnicore-DUPO-EN-UR-1E.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20200830172749', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/4/40/WATER.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/28?cb=20120918052107', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e3/CG_Star.svg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/18?cb=20120918052836', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Duel Monsters cards, TCG cards, OCG cards