Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Yu-Gi-Oh!_GX_-_Episode_045


 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX - Episode 045 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kanji  
 ＶＳ アムナエル！  Ｅ ヒーロー 絶対 封 じ 
 
 
 Rōmaji 
 Vāsasu Amunaeru! Erementaru Hīrō Zettai Fūji 
 
 
 Japanese translation 
 VS Amnael! Absolute Seal of Elemental Hero 
 
 
 English 
 Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 
 
 
 Number 
 045 
 
 
 Air date ( ja ) 
 August 10, 2005 
 
 
 Air date ( en ) 
 March 28, 2006 
 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Opening ( ja ) 
 " 99% " 
 
 
 Ending ( ja ) 
 " WAKE UP YOUR HEART " 
 
 
 Opening ( en ) 
 " Get Your Game On! " 
 
 
 
 Staff 
 
 Animation  dir. 
 Chi Man Park 
 
 
 
 Cards 
 
 Galleries 
 Japanese 
 
 
 
 Chronology 
 
 Listing 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  episode listing  (season 1) 
 
 
 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 
 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " 
 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 
 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 ", known as " VS Amnael! Absolute Seal of Elemental Hero " in the Japanese version, is the forty-fifth episode of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! GX  anime. It first aired in Japan on August 10, 2005 and in the United States on March 28, 2006.
 Jaden  faces the final  Shadow Rider ,  Amnael , who seems very interested him. He claims he and Jaden are very similar and confronts him with his Alchemy Deck. Jaden is devastated in the early game, but makes a comeback with " Burst Impact ". After this,  Pharaoh  arrives and the true identity of the final assassin is revealed.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Summary 
 2   Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Amnael 
 3   Errors 
 4   Featured cards 
 
 
 Summary 
       Six of the  Spirit Gates  are opened.     
 Chazz Princeton  awakens in a bubble and wonders where he is. Looking around, he can see  Alexis Rhodes  and  Atticus Rhodes  nearby in separate bubbles. Confused as to what's going on, he looks outside the bubble, where he can see the Earth itself. At  Duel Academy , six pillars of light are shining at points around the island.  Chumley Huffington  wonders what's going on and  Syrus Truesdale  remarks that there are six pillars.  Jaden Yuki  realizes it must mean that the remaining  Spirit Keys  were taken and put into the  Spirit Gate .  Ojama Yellow 's voice rings out, saying it looks that way. Jaden looks at the cards of Chazz's he picked up. It says something terrible is going to happen. 
 Jaden says that there were Keys remaining - his own, Alexis', Chazz's and  Professor Banner 's - that means he has the last remaining key. Chumley remarks that that explains why Banner vanished. Syrus urges Jaden to leave as quickly as he can in order to protect the last key - if its taken, the  Sacred Beasts  would be revived and they could destroy the whole island. Jaden says that's exactly why he can't leave - he can't just leave Chazz, Alexis and the others behind. It doesn't matter how powerful the enemy is - he has to win a  Shadow Duel  to get everyone back. Chumley says he has the last key - he'd be risking everything on one  Duel . Jaden says that's fine - this will be the final battle between the Spirit Key holders and the  Shadow Riders .
 
       The  Mark of Amnael  appears.     
 In the basement of the  Abandoned Dorm ,  the final Shadow Rider  laughs, urging Jaden to come to him and calling him "the ultimate alchemist" (in the dub, he acts much more sinister, saying that Jaden will never survive if he has not become more powerful than he's ever been). He casts some sort of spell and a gigantic  Mark of Amnael  appears above the dorm briefly. Near Jaden's location, lightning strikes a tree, which plunges into the water, barely missing Jaden, Syrus and Chumley. The Mark of Amnael appears on the trunk of the fallen tree, before fading and appearing again further up the road. Syrus suggests its saying "follow me" and Jaden says that will just save him time searching. They follow the mark and end up at the Abandoned Dorm. Jaden remarks that the mark stopped appearing once they got here - he must be in here, they just need to figure out where. Lightning flashes outside and  Pharaoh  leaps from Chumley's arms and runs down the stairs. Jaden realizes that leads to the basement where he Dueled  Titan . 
 
       The discovery of  Professor Banner 's body.     
 They follow Pharaoh's tracks and arrive outside the door. Jaden muses that it feels like he's entering the hideout of a "last boss".They enter the room and Syrus remarks it looks to be some sort of laboratory. Seeing a distillery, Chumley wonders if sake was made here too. Jaden says it looks too strange to be a sake container. Syrus points out that there's a coffin in one corner of the room. Chumley wonders if there's another  vampire , while Syrus wonders if its a mummy (in the dub, Chumley and Syrus try to convince themselves it's just a refrigerator). Jaden walks straight towards it and asks Chumley to help him open it. Chumley says he doesn't like that kind of stuff and Syrus suggests they leave the coffin alone. Jaden asks if anyone does like that kind of thing and begins to open it (in the dub, he jokes Chumley would be more eager if the coffin had grilled cheese inside). He asks for them to shine their flashlights towards it and he pushes the lid off. Inside, they see a mummified corpse. Syrus wonders what its doing here and Chumley asks if it was always here. Jaden says the mummy looks familiar and asks for a flashlight. Written under the pocket is Banner's name. Jaden says that's impossible. Chumley remarks that Banner hasn't been missing long enough to have his corpse mummified. Syrus suggests he could have ended up like after losing a Shadow Duel (in the dub, Syrus suggests it may be a wax figure, but the final Shadow Rider confirms to them that it is the actual Banner).
 
         " Alchemy Beasts " " Leon the Lead ", " Ouroboros the Bronze " and " Salamandra the Steel ".     
 Suddenly, a light turns on overhead and the final Shadow Rider steps out, welcoming Jaden to his lab. He says he will neither run nor hide. Ojama Yellow tells Jaden that that's the guy that defeated Chazz. It urges Jaden to beat him to get Chazz back. He admits to being the final Shadow Rider and introduces himself as  Amnael . Jaden says he must have defeated Chazz and Alexis. Amnael confirms that and takes a book from his cloak - his  Shadow Charm , the  Emerald Tablet . Within is a pocket dimension, which is where Chazz, Alexis and Atticus are sealed. He calls them all Duelists of exceptional talent. Despite that, they were unable to surpass his expectations (In the dub, he confirms that the only way to get them back is through defeating him, but should he fail, Amnael will trap all of them). Jaden asks if he did this to Banner, but Amnael denies it. He claims that that mummy has been here a long time. He then says "What lies at the bottom is like what lies at the top, what lies at the top is like what lies at the bottom". (In the dub, he tells Jaden he should forget Banner, as he has long since passed away and it is too late to save him.) He tells Jaden that if he wishes to know the truth, he should accept a Shadow Duel, conducted with the Emerald Tablet, which contains all the truths of the world. 
 Amnael explains that the Emerald Tablet can only be held by the ultimate alchemist and calls himself Jaden's final test. Syrus remarks that he sounds just like Banner. Jaden is happy to accept the Duel and runs towards him. Jaden tells Amnael to bring it on and arms his  Academia Disk . Banner arms his own Disk and lowers his hood, revealing gray hair in the same style as Banner's. Jaden says this will be the final Duel between him and the Shadow Riders. Jaden tells him there's no way he'll lose to an alchemist or a fake Duelist. Amnael calls it a shame for him to look at alchemy that way. He tells Jaden to see the power of alchemy himself, then (In the dub, Jaden does not insult Amnael's alchemy, instead saying he intends to get back his friends no matter what it takes. Amnael replies that Jaden may not possess what it takes, as he will only be defeated if Jaden can reach a new level of dueling expertise). He  draws  and  activates  a  Continuous Spell Card  - " Chaos Distill ". It appears behind him and Chumley says its a distillery, while Syrus says it must have something to do with alchemy. Amnael reveals that as long it is  face-up , all cards he would usually  send  to the  Graveyard  are  removed from play  instead. He activates " Steel Lamp ". The card appears in the fires of "Chaos Distill". He explains that as he  controls  "Chaos Distill", he can  Special Summon  " Alchemy Beast - Salamandra the Steel ". "Salamandra" appears in a burst of fire in  Attack Position . He explains that though his " Alchemy Beast "  monsters  can't be  Normal Summoned  or  Set , they may wage  direct attacks .
 
         " Elemental Absorber ".     
 Amnael activates two more Spell Cards - " Bronze Scale " and " Lead Compass ", Special Summoning " Alchemy Beast - Ouroboros the Bronze " and " Alchemy Beast - Leon the Lead ", both in Attack Position. He  Sets  a card and ends his  turn . Jaden is surprised he Summoned three monsters so quickly. Amnael claims that Jaden's common knowledge of  Duel Monsters  will do nothing against the powers of Amnael's alchemy. Jaden draws and Normal Summons " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " in Attack Position, revealing that he can draw two cards via its  effect  if he controls no other cards. He does so, then  equips  "Bubbleman" with " Bubble Blaster ", increasing its  ATK  by 800, to 1600. He orders "Bubbleman" to  attack  with " Bubble Shot " (dub name "Bombarding Bubble Barrage"), but Amnael yells that such a simple attack will be of no use. He activates his  face-down   Continuous Trap Card  - " Elemental Absorber ". By removing a monster in his  hand  from play, he can prevent attacks from monsters of the same  Attribute  as the removed monster. He removes " Aqua Spirit " and "Elemental Absorber" blocks the attack with a wall of water. 
 Amnael draws and immediately orders direct attacks via his monsters' effects. "Salamandra the Steel" attacks with " Armed Flames " (dub name "Streamshot of Ore"), "Ouroboros the Bronze" with " Ouroboros Roar " and "Leon the Lead" with " Leon Vulcan ". All three attacks hit, dropping Jaden to 2500  Life Points . Chumley tells Jaden to hang on - Amnael's hand has only one card left - if he can survive another turn, he'll have an advantage. Amnael calls that foolish advice and states that he did tell them - with alchemy, all common knowledge is overturned. He activates " Black Process - Negledo ". When he has no cards in his hand and he controls "Chaos Distill", he can remove all "Alchemy Beast" monsters he controls from play to draw two cards for each removed monster. The three monsters shatter into pieces and Jaden is surprised he'd destroy his own monsters. Amnael says that this is the ritual of destruction and rebirth in alchemy. He claims the Duel is hastening towards Jaden's defeat and draws his six cards. He activates three Spell Cards - " Tin Spell Circle ", " Mercury Hourglass " and " Silver Key ", letting him Special Summon " Alchemy Beast - Eatos the Tin ", " Alchemy Beast - Echeneis the Mercury " and " Alchemy Beast - Moonface the Silver " from his Deck in Attack Position. Amnael specifies that these "Alchemy Beast" monsters can attack directly as well.
 
         " Elemental HERO Clayman " riding " Mud Max ".     
 Jaden begins his turn, Normal Summoning " Elemental Hero Clayman ". He equips it with " Mud Max ", causing a go-kart to appear, which "Clayman" hops into. Its ATK is increased by 300. He says that he even if he can't use WATER-Attribute monsters, he can still has other heroes in his Deck. "Clayman" attacks "Aetos", but Amnael removes " The Rock Spirit " in his hand from play with "Elemental Absorber", preventing  EARTH -Attribute monsters from attacking as well. Spiked rocks fly up from the floor, preventing "Clayman" from driving further towards Amnael. Jaden wonders just who Amnael is - he seems to know exactly how to counter Jaden's " Elemental Hero " Deck. Amnael says he knows Jaden's thoughts just as if they were in his own hand - because Jaden's Deck and his own Deck resemble one another. Jaden asks what he means, but Amnael says he must seek the answer himself. He adds that Jaden has little time left to seek it though (in the dub, Amnael says he warned Jaden that he would have to use his cards in new ways if he wanted to win. Jaden counters that he still intends to win and rescue his friends, to which Amnael mockingly throws his catchphrase back his face, telling him he had better "get his game on"). 
 Amnael draws and activates " White Process - Albedo ", letting him Special Summon " Golden Homunculus " from his Deck in Attack Position. He reveals that its ATK of 0 will be increased by 300 for each of his removed from play cards. Thirteen of his cards have been removed, so its ATK becomes 3900. Amnael silently wonders if Jaden will be defeated here (in the dub, he tells Jaden he had expected more from him). "Eatos the Tin" attacks with " Sonic Burst " (dub name "Sonic Searer"), "Echeneis the Mercury" with " Squirt Gun " (dub name "Screaming Stream") and "Moonface the Silver" with " Silver Cutter " (dub name "Shockwave Silver"). Jaden's Life Points fall to 1000 and he falls to his knees. Amnael says "farewell" and orders "Golden Homunculus" to attack with " Golden Harvest " (dub name "Stone Shard Storm"). The attack hits, but as the dust clears, Jaden is still standing, but "Clayman" lacks "Mud Max". Jaden asks if he's surprised and reveals he used the effect of "Mud Max" - he can send it to the Graveyard to  negate  an attack against "Clayman". He can also Special Summon a Level 4 or lower "Elemental Hero" from his hand. He Special Summons " Elemental HERO Avian " in Attack Position. Amnael is surprised its come to this (in the dub, he compliments Jaden's strategy).
 
         "Elemental Absorber" blocks the attack of " Elemental HERO Avian ".     
 Jaden draws and then Normal Summons " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix ", saying that his counterattack comes now. "Avian" attacks with " Feather Break " (dub name "Quill Cascade"), but Amnael removes " Garuda the Wind Spirit " in his hand from play to prevent Jaden's  WIND -Attribute monsters from attacking. A gust of wind blows the feathers away and Amnael reminds him that with another removed card, the ATK of "Golden Homunculus" increases to 4200. Jaden says he's not done and orders "Burstinatrix" to attack with " Burst Fire " (dub name "Flare Storm"). Amnael removes " Spirit of Flames " in his hand from play to prevent Jaden's  FIRE -Attribute monsters from attacking. A wall of flame blocks the attack. Syrus says its no good - nothing can get through. Jaden claims his "Elemental Hero" monsters don't only have power in battle (in the dub, he says this just means he needs to use something other than his monsters) and activates " Burst Return ". As he controls "Burstinatrix", he can  return  all of other "Elemental Hero" monsters he controls to his hand. He then activates " Burst Impact ", which will  destroy  all monsters on the field besides "Burstinatrix" and inflict 300  damage  to Amnael to for each destroyed monster. He orders " Burst Impact Shot " and "Burstintrix" fires a giant orb of energy at Amnael's field, destroying all his monsters and dropping his Life Points to 2800. 
 
         Professor Banner  reveals himself.     
 Amnael's mask cracks and Syrus says his counterattack did it - he may have fewer Life Points, but all of Amnael's monsters are destroyed. Pharoah meows and Syrus bends down to pick him up, saying he got here at a good time. He should help them cheer Jaden on. Pharoah slashes Syrus across the face and runs towards Amnael instead. Jaden tells Pharaoh's he dangerous, but Pharaoh rubs up against Amnael's leg, meowing. Chumley wonders how Pharaoh could be so attached to someone he doesn't know. This jogs Jaden's mind and he says it can't be. Amnael says he's correct and removes his mask. Underneath is the face of Professor Banner. Jaden points to the corpse and asks for an explanation. Banner kneels and pets Pharaoh, saying that that corpse is also him. He states he was brought back from the world of the dead through the power of alchemy (in the dub, he says there is much more going on than they realize, but they will understand the truth soon).
 
 Featured Duel: Jaden Yuki vs. Amnael 
 Turn 1: Amnael 
 Amnael  draws " Chaos Distill " and subsequently activates it. Now all of Amnael's cards that would be  sent  to the  Graveyard  will be  removed from play  instead. He then activates " Steel Lamp " to  Special Summon  " Alchemy Beast - Salamandra the Steel " (500/500) from his  Deck  in  Attack Position . He then activates " Bronze Scale " and " Lead Compass " to Special Summon " Alchemy Beast - Ouroboros the Bronze " (500/500) and " Alchemy Beast - Leon the Lead " (500/500) from his Deck in Attack Position. Amnael then  Sets  a card.
 Turn 2: Jaden 
 Jaden  draws " Elemental HERO Bubbleman " and subsequently Normal Summons it (800/1200) in Attack Position. Since Jaden summoned "Bubbleman" while he had no other cards on his side of the field, its  effect  activates, letting Jaden  draw  two cards. Jaden then activates " Bubble Blaster ", equipping it to "Bubbleman" and increasing its  ATK  by 800 ("Bubbleman": 800 → 1600/1200). 
 "Bubbleman"  attacks  "Salamandra the Steel", but Amnael activates his face-down " Elemental Absorber ". Now when Jaden attacks, Amnael can remove from play a monster in his hand that has the same Attribute as the attacking monster to prevent every monster Jaden controls that has the same Attribute as the removed monster from attacking, but Amnael can only use this effect four times. Amnael then activates the effect of "Elemental Absorber" to remove from play " Aqua Spirit " from his  hand  in order to prevent Jaden's  WATER   monsters  from attacking.
 Turn 3: Amnael 
Amnael draws. All three of Amnael's monsters attack  directly  via their own effects (Jaden 4000 → 3500 → 3000 → 2500). Since Amnael controls "Chaos Distill" and he has no cards in his hand, he activates " Black Process - Negledo " to remove all " Alchemy Beast " monsters he controls from play and draw two cards for each removed monster. Three were removed from play, so he draws six cards. 
 Amnael then activates " Tin Spell Circle ", " Mercury Hourglass " and " Silver Key " to Special Summon " Alchemy Beast - Aretos the Tin " (500/500), " Alchemy Beast - Ekenas the Mercury " (500/500), and " Alchemy Beast - Moonface the Silver " (500/500) from his Deck in Attack Position.
 Turn 4: Jaden 
Jaden draws. He then Normal Summons " Elemental HERO Clayman " (800/2000) in Attack Position. Jaden then activates " Mud Max ", equipping it to "Clayman" and increasing its ATK by 300 ("Clayman": 800 → 1100/2000). "Clayman" attacks "Aretos the Tin", but Amnael activates the effect of "Elemental Absorber" to remove " The Rock Spirit " in his hand from play and prevent Jaden's  EARTH  monsters from attacking.
 Turn 5: Amanel 
Amnael draws "White Process - Albedo". As he controls a face-up "Chaos Distill", Amnael activates " White Process - Albedo " to Special Summon " Golden Homunculus " (0/0) from his Deck in Attack Position. Due to the effect of "Golden Homunculus", it gains 300 ATK and DEF for every one of Amnael's cards that are removed from play. There are currently thirteen ("Golden Homunculus": 0 → 3900/0). 
 Amnael's three "Alchemy Beast" monsters attack directly via their own effects (Jaden 2500 → 2000 → 1500 → 1000). "Golden Homunculus" attacks "Clayman", but Jaden activates the effect of "Mud Max" to send it to the Graveyard ("Clayman": 1100 → 800/2000),  negate  the attack, and Special Summon " Elemental HERO Avian " from his hand (1000/1000) in Attack Position.
 Turn 6: Jaden 
Jaden draws " Elemental HERO Burstinatrix " and subsequently Normal Summons it (1200/800) in Attack Position. "Avian" attacks " Alchemy Beast - Aretos the Tin ", but Amnael activates the effect of "Elemental Absorber" to remove from play " Garuda the Wind Spirit " from his hand and prevent Jaden's  WIND  monsters from attacking ("Golden Homunculus": 3900 → 4200/0). "Burstinatrix" attacks " Alchemy Beast - Aretos the Tin ", but Amnael activates the effect of "Elemental Absorber" to remove from play " Spirit of Flames " from his hand and prevent Jaden's  FIRE  monsters from attacking ("Golden Homunculus": 4200 → 4500/0). 
 Jaden then activates " Burst Return " to  return  "Avian", "Clayman" and "Bubbleman" from his field to his hand. He then activates " Burst Impact " to  destroy  all monsters on the field except "Burstinatrix" and inflict 300  damage  to both players for each of their destroyed monsters. Four of Amnael's monsters are destroyed this way (Amnael 4000 → 2800). At this point, it's revealed that Amnael is really Professor Banner.
 Duel continues in  the next episode .
 
 Errors 
 In the dub, when  Amnael   removes from play  " Spirit of Flames " for the  effect  of " Elemental Absorber ", "Spirit of Flames" is shown with its Japanese artwork (its horns were unedited).
 
 Featured cards 
 The following cards appeared in this episode. Cards in italics debuted here.
 
 
 Jaden Yuki Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Avian 
 Elemental HERO Burstinatrix 
 Elemental HERO Clayman 
 Effect Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Bubbleman Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Bubble Blaster 
 Burst Impact 
 Burst Return 
 Mud Max 
 
 Amnael Monsters   
 Effect Monsters 
 Alchemy Beast - Aretos the Tin 
 Alchemy Beast - Ekenas the Mercury 
 Alchemy Beast - Leon the Lead 
 Alchemy Beast - Moonface the Silver 
 Alchemy Beast - Ouroboros the Bronze 
 Alchemy Beast - Salamandra the Steel 
 Aqua Spirit 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit 
 Golden Homunculus 
 Spirit of Flames 
 The Rock Spirit Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Chaos Distill 
 Black Process - Negledo 
 Bronze Scale 
 Lead Compass 
 Mercury Hourglass 
 Silver Key 
 Steel Lamp 
 Tin Spell Circle 
 White Process - Albedo 
 Traps 
 Elemental Absorber 
 
 Chazz's Deck (held by Jaden) Monsters   
 Normal Monsters 
 Ojama Yellow 
 Effect Monsters 
 Armed Dragon LV7 
 Despair from the Dark 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! GX   season 1 episodes 
 #001 " The Next King of Games " #002 " Welcome to Duel Academy " #003 " A Duel In Love " #004 " Raring To Go " #005 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 1 " #006 " The Shadow Duelist, Part 2 " #007 " Duel and Unusual Punishment " #008 " For the Sake of Syrus " #009 " Family Business " #010 " Tag Team Trial, Part 1 " #011 " Tag Team Trial, Part 2 " #012 " Formula for Success " #013 " Monkey See, Monkey Duel " #014 " A Spirit Summoned " #015 " Courting Alexis " #016 " The Duel Giant " #017 " Nature of the Draw " #018 " The King of the Copycats, Part 1 " #019 " The King of the Copycats, Part 2 " #020 " The Maiden in Love " #021 " The Duel Off, Part 1 " #022 " The Duel Off, Part 2 " #023 " The Little Belowski " #024 " The New Chazz " #025 " The School Duel, Part 1 " #026 " The School Duel, Part 2 " #027 " Grave Risk, Part 1 " #028 " Grave Risk, Part 2 " #029 " Doomsday Duel, Part 1 " #030 " Doomsday Duel, Part 2 " #031 " Field of Screams, Part 1 " #032 " Field of Screams, Part 2 " #033 " Field of Screams, Part 3 " #034 " The Fear Factor " #035 " Sibling Rivalry " #036 " Duel Distractions, Part 1 " #037 " Duel Distractions, Part 2 " #038 " Get Yarr Game On! " #039 " The Dark Scorpions " #040 " A Lying Legend " #041 " A Reason to Win " #042 " Duel Monsters Spirit Day " #043 " Hearts Are Wild " #044 " The Seventh Shadow Rider " #045 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 1 " #046 " Amnael's Endgame, Part 2 " #047 " Chazz-anova " #048 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 1 " #049 " Rise of the Sacred Beasts, Part 2 " #050 " Magna Chum Laude " #051 " The Graduation Match, Part 1 " #052 " The Graduation Match, Part 2 " 
 
 
 S2 >>  •   S3 >>  •   S4 >> 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/c/c0/Series045.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120729181627', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/00/SpiritGateSixPillars.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120803021352', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d5/MarkofAmnael.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120803021220', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/8/84/DaitokujiCorpse.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120803020946', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/65/Alchemy_Beasts.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130728063743', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/3a/ElementalAbsorber-JP-Anime-GX-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140615014924', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d9/MudMax-JP-Anime-GX-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140615035043', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/6/6f/ElementalAbsorberFeatherBlock.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120803021026', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/37/Amnael.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20070616192455']
Categories: Yu-Gi-Oh! GX episodes