Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Fortune_Lady


 This article  may require  cleanup  to meet this wiki's standards.   You can help out by re-organizing or re-writing parts of it or checking grammar and spelling.   
 
 
 Fortune Lady 
 フォーチュンレディ  ( Fochūnredi ) 
 
 
 
 
 " Fortune Lady Earth ", " Fortune Lady Light " and " Fortune Lady Wind " in the artwork of " Inherited Fortune ". 
 
 
 Other names 
 
 French 
 Demoiselle de Fortune 
 
 
 German 
 Schicksalsdame 
 
 
 Italian 
 Signora della Fortuna 
 
 
 Korean 
 포츈 레이디   Pochyun Leidi   (romanized) 
 
 
 Portuguese 
 Senhora Fortuna 
 
 
 Spanish 
 Adivinadoras 
 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Sets 
 
 
 Ancient Prophecy Stardust Overdrive Rising Rampage 
 
 
 
 
 TCG  Sets 
 
 
 OTS Tournament Pack 11 
 
 
 
 
 OCG  Sets 
 
 
 Duelist Edition Volume 4 Collection Pack: Duelist of Revolution Version Special Pack 20th Anniversary Edition Vol.5 
 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's 
 
 
 
 
 Lists 
 
 
 Members Support 
 
 
 
 
 " Fortune Lady " (フォーチュンレディ  Fochūnredi ) is an  archetype  of  female   Spellcaster   monsters  with various  Attributes  (primarily  LIGHT  and  DARK ), which are also evolved versions of the " Fortune Fairy " monsters. They are used by  Carly Carmine  while she was a  Dark Signer  in the  Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's  anime.
 After Carly's transformation into a Dark Signer, the cards in her Deck changed. The "Fortune Fairies" evolved into the "Fortune Ladies". Each "Fortune Lady" is an evolved and older version of the "Fortune Fairies" of the same  Attribute  and  Level . Compared to their younger counterpart, the Fortune Ladies have black bat wings as part of their motif instead of angelic bird wings and their wands are now combined with scythes. The team's symbol is an  Eye of Wdjat  (resembling the top half of the one from  The Eye of Truth ) which also appears on their foreheads.
 " Fortune Lady Light " and " Fortune Lady Fire " were first released in  Ancient Prophecy , while the rest were released in  Stardust Overdrive . The archetype would not get another support until almost 10 years later in  Rising Rampage  and  Collection Pack: Duelist of Revolution .
 Each "Fortune Lady" has a different Attribute and Level from 1 to 6. Each one's Attribute and Level correspond to that of her "Fortune Fairy" counterpart. All Ladies are Spellcaster  Effect Monsters , with  ?   ATK  and  DEF . In the  OCG , the names of all known Fortune Ladies have been their Attribute with an added "y" at the end. They all have effects that increase their Levels by 1 each turn. All of their effects either activate when they are  Summoned  or are used to Special Summon other Fortune Ladies, meaning that they can be strategically used once " Future Visions " is also on the field. They can also be protected with the help of " Slip of Fortune ". Note that Fortune Ladies increase their Level during each of their controller's Standby Phases.
 Interestingly enough, the  OCG  cards have similar names to 4 of the element Clow Cards in  Cardcaptor Sakura  (Windy, Earthy, Firey, Watery). They also seem to derive some inspiration from CLAMP's style in general, such as  Fire  strongly resembling Hikaru from Magic Knight Rayearth (Though this is more evident in her previous form,  Fortune Fairy En ). They also appear to be based on witches.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Members 
 2   Censoring 
 3   Playing style 
 4   Recommended cards 
 
 4.1   Fortune Lady Crowd Control 
 4.2   Zero Fortune 
 4.3   Fortunate Simorgh 
 
 
 5   Weaknesses 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Fortune Lady
 
 Associated Fortune Fairy
 
 Effect
 
 
 ATK/DEF boost
 
 Unique
 
 
 Dark 
 
 Ann 
 
 400
 
 When a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster you control destroys an opponent's monster by battle and sends it to the GY, you can select and Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" monster from your GY.
 
 
 Earth 
 
 Chee 
 
 When the Level of this card increases, inflict 400 damage to your opponent.
 
 
 Every 
 
 N/A
 
 During your opponent’s End Phase, if this card is in your GY: You can banish 1 other Spellcaster monster from your GY; Special Summon this card. You can only use this effect of "Fortune Lady Every" once per turn.
 
 
 Fire 
 
 En 
 
 200
 
 When this card is Special Summoned in Attack Position by the effect of a "Fortune Lady" card, destroy 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field, and inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's ATK.
 
 
 Light 
 
 Hikari 
 
 When this card is removed from the field by a card effect, you can Special Summon 1 "Fortune Lady" monster from your Deck.
 
 
 Past 
 
 N/A
 
 You can target 1 “Fortune Lady” monster you control; banish from your hand, field, and/or GY any number of Spellcaster monsters, except the targeted monster, and if you do, either increase or decrease the targeted monster’s Level by the same number until the end of the turn. You can only use this effect of "Fortune Lady Past" once per turn.
 
 
 Water 
 
 Swee 
 
 300
 
 When this card is Special Summoned while you control a face-up "Fortune Lady" monster except "Fortune Lady Water", draw 2 cards.
 
 
 Wind 
 
 Hu 
 
 When this card is Normal Summoned, you can destroy a number of Spell or Trap Cards your opponent controls equal to the number of face-up "Fortune Lady" monsters you control.
 
 Censoring 
 Like many  female cards , the artworks of the "Fortune Lady" monsters were censored for international release: the color of their skin was changed to look like they are wearing tights, and on some of them, the amount of cloth around the groin was also increased; and their busts were reduced or their cleavage was removed. For example, "Fortune Lady Fire" has light red skin in the original artwork, which is changed to turquoise blue in the international artwork. In the dubbed version, only the monsters' hip and thigh area are censored by extending the black clothing. The censorship were toned down significantly for "Past" and "Every" and the support cards featuring them with only the clothing in the pelvis area extended, leaving their cleavage line and bare skin intact like the dubbed version.
 
 OCG version TCG version 
 Japanese English Dub 
 Playing style 
 "Pure" Fortune Lady Decks either revolve around a hit-and-fade strategy involving careful field control leading into a quick field swarm offensive with powerful attacking monsters or very specific combination Decks with a focused win condition. Quite often though, Fortune Lady cards are incorporated into a mixed Deck style where they act as a draw engine through the use of " Fortune's Future " and/or " Fortune Lady Water " with " Fortune Lady Dark " that improves the effectiveness of the core Deck strategy.
 To pick off specific theme cards though for assessment, " Fortune Lady Wind " is not a commonly used card in a pure Fortune Lady Deck because its effect only activates when it is Normal Summoned and not Special Summoned like other Fortune Lady monsters.
 Likewise " Fortune Lady Earth " is a situational card in a pure "Fortune Lady" Deck. This is because she is only useful as a beatstick, since her burn effect is poor compared to other true  Burn  theme cards. Following the release of " Fortune Lady Every " however, increases her usefulness by using her as a Synchro Material along with " Fortune Lady Past "
 Of note though, if against a  Stall  or " Final Countdown " Deck, the burn effect of " Fortune Lady Earth " can prove somewhat useful, since you can simply stop attacking and inflict minor burn damage every time the card gains a level while you work on breaking through their strategy. And " Fortune Lady Earth " does have its place as a toolbox card in more aggressive  Spellcaster -themed Decks.
 "Fortune Ladies" need to swarm the field quickly using " Fortune Lady Light " and " Fortune Lady Dark ". For example, you can play " Fortune Lady Light " while " Future Visions " is face-up on the field to  Special Summon  " Fortune Lady Dark ". Using " Fortune Lady Dark " and " Fortune Lady Light 's" effects, you can  Special Summon :
 
 " Fortune Lady Water " to draw 2 cards, and keep constant hand advantage. 
 " Fortune Lady Earth " for another beatstick and decent burn damage each turn it's on the field. 
 " Fortune Lady Fire " to destroy an opponent's troublesome monster (and inflict burn damage). 
 Another " Fortune Lady Dark ", thus continuing the swarm combo. 
 If you control two "Fortune Lady Dark" and any Fortune Lady destroys a monster by battle and sends it to the Graveyard, you can activate both of their effects and Special Summon two "Fortune Ladies". 
 Use " Terraforming " to search for " Future Visions " as soon as possible; it is a strong "field control" card.
 " Future Visions " can be also used to keep the opponent's monster Banished:
 
 1) Your opponent Normal Summons a monster. The monster is Banished by " Future Visions " 
 2) Make " Future Visions " leave the field (via " Mist Valley Falcon ", etc.) 
 3) Since the effect that would return the monster from play disappeared, the monster stays Banished 
 Running several copies of " Future Visions " can be great for a "Fortune Lady" Deck. When an opponent's monster gets Banished by "Future Vision's" effect, playing a new one (and therefore destroying the first) will not only allow you to keep the field the same, but it traps your opponent's monster in the Removed From Play Zone.
 The release of " Fortune Fairy Hikari ", " Fortune Lady Calling ", and " Fortune Vision " allow the deck to increase their consistency in swarming along with Summoning and Activating "Light's" effect. " Fortune Lady Past " can also activate "Light's" effect, boosts their Attack and Levels, and grants the deck an access to powerful Synchro Monster, notably the archetype's very first Synchro monster " Fortune Lady Every " who will continue to punish the opponent by banishing their face-up monster during your Standby Phase, and can always Special Summoning herself from the Graveyard during the opponent's End Phase by banishing another Spellcaster monster. " Fortune Lady Rewind " can provide instant swarming and trigger "Fire" and "Water's" effect, providing more advantage.
 
 Recommended cards 
 
 
 Card Name
 
 Reason
 
 
 Monsters
 
 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 
 Most Decks consider this as an important card. Decks that don't use " Future Visions " or other cards that can activate her effect can leave her out.
 
 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 
 Although her effect is quite good, leaving her to stay on the field makes you vulnerable to attacks. For this reason, she is one of the optional cards.
 
 
 Fortune Lady Wind 
 
 Another optional Fortune Lady. Note that her effect only activates when she is Normal Summoned. However, she is good in " Dark Simorgh " builds due to her Attribute and ability to destroy backrow.
 
 
 Fortune Lady Water 
 
 A staple in Fortune Lady decks. She plays a main part in the draw engine of the Deck, and combos extremely well with " Fortune Lady Past " and " De-Synchro ". (This combo is a main part of some powerful Controlled Loops and FTKs in Duel Links.)
 
 
 Fortune Lady Dark 
 
 Not only does she help swarm, she can also revive " Fortune Lady Water " for more draw power.
 
 
 Fortune Lady Earth 
 
 The last of the optional Fortune Ladies. Many people choose not to use her, since she's primarily used as a beatstick (400 damage per turn just isn't worth it). However, she can run over a good amount of monsters, making it hard for players to combat her in the early stages of a duel. She can be used with "Fortune Lady Past" to easily Synchro Summon " Fortune Lady Every ", making her useful if you run both of those cards in your deck too.
 
 
 Fortune Lady Past 
 
 Triggers " Fortune Lady Light "'s effect and banishes " Fortune Lady Fire " and "Fortune Lady Water" after using their effects. It also allows access to Synchro Summoning, and combos well with " Fortune Lady Rewind ". She is a very good monster to summon with " Fortune Lady Calling ", especially if you control "Water" or "Light".
 
 
 Fortune Lady Every 
 
 Powerful beatstick with the ability to easily re-summon herself. Provides a non-targetable banish every Standby Phase.
 
 
 Fortune Fairy Hikari 
 
 Searches "Fortune Lady Light" and "Fortune Lady Past". Triggers the former's effect.
 
 
 Black Luster Soldier - Envoy of the Beginning 
 
 Banishes "Fortune Lady Light" and " Fortune Lady Dark " from your GY for its Special Summon, and can banish a monster your opponent controls with its effect. Combos well with " Fortune's Future ". " Chaos Sorcerer " can be used in more  Spellcaster -oriented builds.
 
 
 Magical Exemplar 
 
 This card is generally used in builds that use " Secret Village of the Spellcasters ", and combos well with " Night's End Sorcerer ".
 
 
 Night's End Sorcerer 
 
 A good choice of Tuner in this Deck, though generally only used in Decks which contain " Magical Exemplar ".
 
 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 
 Can be summoned by having your 3 copies of "Fortune Lady Dark" in the GY. You can banish them to destroy your opponent's cards, then use cards like "Fortune's Future" to return them to the GY, letting you repeat this if necessary.
 
 
 Beast King Barbaros 
 
 If this card is Normal Summoned with "Future Visions" on the field, he returns to the field as a 3000 ATK beatstick. If you want to Tribute Summon him for his effect, fuel this card with the swarming power of "Fortune Lady Dark". " Fusilier Dragon, the Dual-Mode Beast " can be an alternative if you don't want to Tribute 3 monsters, but it isn't recommended as it doesn't have a second use, has slightly less original ATK, and completely relies on "Future Visions" in this deck.
 
 
 Solitaire Magician 
 
 Good to have if your Deck contains " Fortune Lady Earth ", because you can use this card's effect to make it more than just a beatstick. Also works well with " Time Passage ", or can help "Fortune Lady Past" summon low-Level Synchro Monsters like " Mist Bird Clausolas " or " Old Entity Cthugua ".
 
 
 Tragoedia 
 
 With all the draw power thanks to "Fortune Lady Water" and "Fortune's Future", this card can become a force to be reckoned with. Also, since Fortune Ladies have varying Levels, his second effect of taking control of an opponent's monster becomes easier to use.
 
 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 
 You should only have two at most, but when you Tribute Summon it while "Future Visions" is on the field, you get to destroy your opponent's monsters and burn them for a bit of damage based on what was destroyed.
 
 
 Rai-Mei 
 
 This card is able to search out "Fortune Lady Light" upon being destroyed by battle. This card is generally used in decks focusing on "Future Visions" thanks to this.
 
 
 Kinka-byo 
 
 Special Summons "Fortune Lady Light", and banishes "Light" (triggering her effect) when this card leaves the field from a card like "Future Visions".
 
 
 Summoner Monk 
 
 This card is generally used to Special Summon "Fortune Lady Water" or " Solitaire Magician ", but is also useful for summoning other Level 4 monsters like " Performage Trick Clown " or a Level 4 Tuner.
 
 
 Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate 
 
 When a monster is Special Summoned, banish a Fortune Lady from the GY to destroy it. The banished monster(s) can be put back in the GY with "Fortune's Future".
 
 
 Dimensional Alchemist 
 
 This card can return one of your banished Fortune Lady monsters to your hand when it's destroyed and sent to the GY. Good Fortune Lady targets for this are "Past", "Light", or even "Every" (since it can't activate its effect to Special Summon itself if it isn't in the GY).
 
 
 Plaguespreader Zombie 
 
 This is another Tuner that this Deck can include. If you have "Fortune Lady Calling" in your hand (while you control a "Fortune Lady" monster, of course), you can use this card's effect to place a "Fortune Lady" from your hand on the top of your deck, then use "Calling" to Special Summon the monster you just placed on top of your deck.
 
 
 Caius the Shadow Monarch 
 
 An excellent card that can both rid your side of the field of a weak monster and also banish a card your opponent controls (while inflicting 1000 damage to them if the banished card was a DARK-Attribute monster).
 
 
 Temperance of Prophecy 
 
 This card allow you to quickly Special Summon "Fortune Lady Dark" from Deck, at the cost of not being able to Special Summon other Level 5 or higher monsters for the rest of the turn. Only use this if your Deck includes  Spellbook  cards.
 
 
 Charioteer of Prophecy 
 
 This card can add a Fortune Lady monster from your GY to your hand. Use this only if you run Spellbook cards.
 
 
 Apprentice Magician 
 
 This allows you to Special Summon "Fortune Lady Light", and is useful when using strategies situated around  Spell Counters . Note, however, that it will summon "Light" in face- down  Defense Position, making it necessary to flip "Light" face-up with another card's effect to be able to trigger "Light"'s effect.
 
 
 Wattpheasant 
 
 This card can attack the opponent directly. After doing so, it can banish one of your opponent's monsters, or one of your own (like "Fortune Lady Light"), for the turn.
 
 
 Strength of Prophecy 
 
 This monster not only recycles Spellbook cards, but also increases a Fortune Lady monster's ATK and Level, which not only helps with their offensive and defensive prowess but also makes summoning Synchro and Xyz Monsters easier.
 
 
 Spells
 
 
 Dimensionhole 
 
 This card is useful for removing a Fortune Lady monster from your side of the field, and then summoning it back to the field during your next Standby Phase to increase its Level by its own effect. It's very handy for triggering the effect of "Fortune Lady Light" or "Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu".
 
 
 Future Visions 
 
 This Field Spell works well with Decks that use "Fortune Lady Light", since it both immediately triggers her effect and slows your opponent down during their turn. It also allows " Kinka-byo " to immediately trigger "Light"'s effect instead of during the End Phase.
 
 
 Fortune's Future 
 
 Along with "Fortune Lady Water, this is the core of the draw engine in this Deck.
 
 
 Fortune Vision 
 
 Staple searcher. Its other effects can be useful depending on your situation. Works best with "Future Visions" on your field.
 
 
 Fortune Lady Calling 
 
 Special Summons a Fortune Lady monster form your deck. Triggers the effects of "Fire" or "Water", though it's most commonly used to summon "Past" or "Light" (depending on which one you control already) to let "Past" trigger "Light"'s effect to summon another Fortune Lady like "Water" so you can Synchro Summon.
 
 
 Fortune Lady Rewind 
 
 Provides massive swarming if you have many differently-named Fortune Lady monsters banished. Triggers the effects of "Fire" and/or "Water" as well.
 
 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 
 This card combos well with "Fortune's Future" to quickly banish a Fortune Lady, followed by sending it to the GY to draw with "Fortune's Future". It can also provide you with one of the monsters you can summon with "Fortune Lady Rewind".
 
 
 Allure of Darkness 
 
 This card further adds to the draw power of this Deck. Be wary when using this card, though, as not having "Fortune Lady Past" or "Fortune Lady Dark" to discard will rid you of your entire hand.
 
 
 Nobleman of Crossout 
 
 In the TCG , triggers the effect of "Fortune Lady Light" and sets up for "Fortune's Future". This can be useful for making immediate use of a "Light" that was Special Summoned by " Apprentice Magician ". It's also handy for punishing opponents that try to dodge the effect of "Future Visions" by setting their monsters.
 
 
 Secret Village of the Spellcasters 
 
 An alternate Field Spell that can be used. Take care to note that this card can be a double-edged sword, since you will be unable to activate Spell cards if you don't control a Spellcaster.
 
 
 Time Passage 
 
 It increases the Level of a Fortune Lady monster by 3 until the End Phase, which both boosts its ATK and DEF and helps set up your board for a Synchro or Xyz Summon.
 
 
 One for One 
 
 Another card that can Special Summon "Fortune Lady Light" or another Level 1 monster, from your deck.
 
 
 Bound Wand 
 
 A Spellcaster-specific Equip Spell that increases the Attack of the equipped monster by 100 x its Level. This is the ideal equip card for your Fortune Lady monsters as their Levels increase each turn (making this card more effective over time), and it Special Summons the monster it was equipped to from the GY if it was destroyed by battle.
 
 
 Different Dimension Gate 
 
 Banish your opponent's monster and your "Fortune Lady Light". This triggers "Light"'s effect, allowing your to Special Summon another Fortune Lady monster and possibly enabling you to attack directly depending on how many monsters your opponent has out.
 
 
 Wonder Wand 
 
 This card adds to this deck's draw power. Equip to "Fortune Lady Water", then send it to GY to draw 2 cards. Special Summon "Water" again with "Dark" for more draw power.
 
 
 Dark Hole 
 
 Triggers "Fortune Lady Light"'s effect while also destroying all other monsters on the field, possibly allowing your new Fortune Lady monster to attack directly.
 
 
 Galaxy Queen's Light 
 
 This card allows the player to quickly power up their Fortune Lady monsters. Simply Level up a Fortune Lady monster to at least Level 7, then activate this card to make your other monsters the same Level. This card can work well with "Time Passage".
 
 
 Spellbook of Life 
 
 This card allow you to Special Summon a Fortune Lady monster from your GY by banishing another Fortune Lady from the GY. The Level of the banished Fortune Lady will be added to the newly-summoned monster (which in turn increases its ATK/DEF and helps with Synchro or Xyz Summoning). The banished Fortune Lady monster can be used with "Fortune Future" or "Fortune Lady Rewind".
 
 
 Spellbook of Wisdom 
 
 This is a Spellcaster version of " Forbidden Lance " with no ATK restriction.
 
 
 Magical Blast 
 
 Inflicts minor effect damage. Best used after swarming your field with "Fortune Lady Rewind" to use.it to its maximum potential.
 
 
 Magical Dimension 
 
 Activate this card to tribute a Fortune Lady monster you control (except "Fortune Lady Light") and Special Summon a Spellcaster from your hand (like "Fortune Lady Dark" or "Fortune Lady Water"). Afterwards, destroy "Light" with this card and trigger her effect.
 
 
 Synchro Boost 
 
 This card increases the equipped monster's Level by 1 and ATK by 500. Not only does this greatly assist in your Fortune Lady monsters' offense, but it can also assist in Synchro or Xyz Summoning.
 
 
 Power of the Guardians 
 
 This card can do wonders for protecting your "Fortune Lady Dark" (or any monster, really) from being destroyed. It's also incredibly useful in a deck based around using Spell Counters.
 
 
 The Fang of Critias 
 
 While it's very useful in  most  decks and not just in a Fortune Lady deck, each monster this card can summon can do nothing but help you. " Tyrant Burst Dragon ", for example, can help in clearing out your opponent's monsters or equip itself to "Fortune Lady Dark" and allow her to summon 3 Fortune Lady monsters with her effect by attacking with her.
 
 
 Traps
 
 
 Torrential Tribute 
 
 Same tip as " Dark Hole ", though it can be used during your opponent's turn. Not only can this halt your opponent's own combo in its tracks, but your newly-summoned Fortune Lady monster will have its Level increased during your next Standby Phase.
 
 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device 
 
 This card works well for getting rid of your opponent's  Semi-Nomi  monsters. This card can also trigger "Fortune Lady Light"'s effect if needed.
 
 
 Dimension Slice 
 
 Since most Fortune Lady can be Special Summoned easily. You can activate this card to banish your opponent's monster, or your own "Fortune Lady Light" to trigger her effect.
 
 
 Gagagashield 
 
 This card can work well in protecting one of your Fortune Lady monsters from destruction by both battle and card effect for one turn.
 
 
 Call of the Haunted 
 
 While this can summon any of your Fortune Lady monsters from your GY, it can also be used to summon "Fortune Lady Light" in response to an effect that will destroy this card.
 
 
 Extra Deck
 
 
 Armory Arm 
 
 Can be Synchro Summoned using "Fortune Lady Past" (or another Tuner) and one of your low-Level Fortune Lady monsters. Use its effect to equip it to "Fortune Lady Dark" to increase her offensive power.
 
 
 Arcanite Magician 
 
 This card is a staple in Spellcaster Decks.
 
 
 Tempest Magician 
 
 This card is generally used only in FTK versions of this Deck. However, it can also be used to finish the opponent off under other builds.
 
 
 Various generic  Xyz Monsters 
 
 Fortune Ladies can swarm and alter their Levels, as can Tragoedia.
 
 
 Magi Magi ☆ Magician Gal 
 
 Can be easily use two Level 6 Fortune Lady monsters as its materials. Banish another Fortune Lady from your hand to take control of your opponent's monster. The banished Fortune Lady can later be used with "Fortune Future" or "Fortune Lady Rewind".
 
 
 Lavalval Chain  (Traditional Format)
 
 While this card is currently Banned in the TCG, it is a great card to Xyz Summon in Traditional Format. It can send a card from your Main Deck to the GY (like "Fortune Lady Water" to be summoned by "Dark" or banished by "Past"), or place a monster from your Main Deck on top of your deck to draw next turn (or this turn, if you use "Water" or "Fortune's Future" and the like).
 
 
 Fortune Lady Crowd Control 
 Focuses on  Future Visions  making  Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu  and  Beast King Barbaros  strong cards. Also aiming to protect  Future Visions  so the Fortune Ladies can swarm the field. Easily synchro of  Ally of Justice Catastor ,  Junk Warrior  and  Brionac, Dragon of the Ice Barrier  (Traditional only).
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 Fortune Lady Dark 
 Fortune Lady Water 
 Fortune Lady Fire 
 Fortune Lady Earth 
 Fortune Lady Wind 
 Rai-Mei 
 Earthbound Immortal Aslla piscu 
 Beast King Barbaros 
 Junk Synchron 
 Apprentice Magician 
 Chaos Sorcerer Extra Deck   
 Synchro Monsters 
 Junk Warrior 
 Ally of Justice Catastor 
 Stardust Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Future Visions 
 Fortune's Future 
 Field Barrier 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Terraforming 
 Traps 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device 
 Starlight Road 
 Skull Lair 
 Zero Fortune 
 Also known as Absolute Fortune, this Deck uses " Miracle Fusion " to banish "Fortune Ladies" which can later be used as fodder for " Fortune's Future ". It can also use the " Destiny " Draw Engine together with the "Fortune Lady" Draw Engine for maximum draw power.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 Fortune Lady Water 
 Fortune Lady Dark 
 Destiny HERO - Malicious 
 Destiny HERO - Diamond Dude 
 Elemental HERO Stratos 
 Deep Sea Diva 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Tragoedia Extra Deck   
 Fusion Monsters 
 Elemental HERO Absolute Zero 
 Elemental HERO Escuridao 
 Elemental HERO Gaia 
 Elemental HERO Nova Master 
 Elemental HERO The Shining 
 Synchro Monsters 
 Ally of Justice Catastor 
 Scrap Dragon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Miracle Fusion 
 Destiny Draw 
 Allure of Darkness 
 Fortune's Future 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Foolish Burial 
 Traps 
 Compulsory Evacuation Device 
 Fortunate Simorgh 
 With " Dark Simorgh ", " Future Visions " and " Anti-Spell Fragrance ", your opponent won't be able to activate/Set Spells and Traps and any monster they Normal Summon will be banished until the next turn. Anti-Special Summon cards are also used to lock your opponent.
 
 
 Recommended cards Monsters   
 Monsters 
 Dark Simorgh 
 Fortune Lady Wind 
 Fortune Lady Dark 
 Fortune Lady Light 
 Dark Armed Dragon 
 Gorz the Emissary of Darkness 
 Chaos Sorcerer 
 Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Future Visions 
 Fortune's Future 
 Gold Sarcophagus 
 Traps 
 Anti-Spell Fragrance 
 Imperial Custom 
 Weaknesses 
 Even though the "Fortune Ladies" have an immense amount of draw power and can grow in strength with each passing turn, their effects can easily be ruined through simple effect-negating cards such as " Forbidden Chalice ", " Infinite Impermanence ", " Skill Drain " and " Gladiator Beast War Chariot ". Worse, due to their dynamic Level values and the fact that they are composed of each of the six main Attributes, cards like " Gozen Match ", " Battle of the Elements ", " Attention! " and " Unification " can not only expunge them off the Field but even keep it that way for quite some time, which can be better than using mass-removing staples like " Dark Hole " and " Torrential Tribute ". By a similar token, " Doom Donuts " and " Gorgonic Guardian " can also clean house since a "Fortune Lady's" original ATK  and  DEF would both be 0. Still with their ATK, " Number 103: Ragnazero " " Overworked " can also control them whether their ATK is higher or lower. Lastly, "Fortune Ladies" can easily be sent to the GY without being destroyed, shuffled back into the Deck and be Tributed through " Kaijus ", " The Monarchs Stormforth " and " Lava Golem ".
 "Fortune Ladies" tend to rely on  swarming , which " Fortune Lady Dark " (for the  GY ) " Inherited Fortune " (for the hand) or " Fortune Lady Light " (for the Deck) can do within this archetype. If the Special Summoning starts late-game, it can be very difficult to win. Against other swarm Decks, such as " Blackwings ", "Future Visions" can slow down both Decks if you don't have "Fortune Lady Light". Likewise, if "Fortune Lady Dark" is somehow sent to Graveyard, the swarming is pretty much disrupted. Cards like " Keldo ", " Pot of Benevolence ", " The Transmigration Prophecy ", " Disappear " " Foolish Return ", " Evilswarm Ouroboros ", " Soul Release " and " Out of the Blue " can interdict "Fortune Lady Dark" from reviving any "Fortune Lady" sitting in the Graveyard.
 Level reducing cards such as " Hallohallo ", " Demotion ", " Silent Strider " and " Mischief of the Yokai " can be odd choices to temporarily counter "Fortune Ladies" because lower Levels will spell lower ATK and DEF (even less than than their initial values after a "Fortune Lady's" Summon if used early on any "Lady" other than "Light".)
 Finally, " Number 33: Chronomaly Machu Mech " can deal "Fortune Lady" players a very expeditious end. Since a "Fortune Lady's" original ATK  and  DEF would both be 0, it can jack up its offensive points to astronomical heights hastily whilst also seriously  Burning  the player (especially if its effect targets "Earth" or "Dark", the two strongest "Ladies" in terms of their base Levels.) ATK boosters like " Solidarity " and " Time Passage " only make "Machu Mech's" potency against this Deck more of a debacle.
 
   
" Fortune Lady " 「フォーチュンレディ」 Members 
 Fortune Lady Dark Fortune Lady Earth Fortune Lady Every Fortune Lady Fire Fortune Lady Light Fortune Lady Past Fortune Lady Water Fortune Lady Wind 
 Fortune Lady Calling Fortune Lady Rewind 
 Support 
 Fortune Lady Dark Fortune Lady Fire Fortune Lady Light Fortune Lady Past Fortune Lady Water Fortune Lady Wind Solitaire Magician 
 Bending Destiny Fortune Lady Calling Fortune Lady Rewind Fortune Vision Fortune's Future Inherited Fortune Time Passage 
 Related 
 Catoblepas and the Witch of Fate Fortune Fairy Ann Fortune Fairy Chee Fortune Fairy En Fortune Fairy Hikari Fortune Fairy Hu Fortune Fairy Swee Solitaire Magician 
 Future Visions Slip of Fortune 
 
 v e 
" Fortune Lady " 「フォーチュンレディ」 a   Members 
 Fortune Lady Dark Fortune Lady Earth Fortune Lady Fire Fortune Lady Light Fortune Lady Water Fortune Lady Wind 
 Support 
 Bending Destiny Fortune Lady Dark Fortune Lady Earth Fortune Lady Light Fortune Lady Water Fortune Lady Wind Inherited Fortune 
 
 
 
 
 
 Six Attributes 
 
 This box:  view edit 
 DARK    
 EARTH   
 FIRE    
 LIGHT   
 WATER   
 WIND    
 
 
 /Assault Modes 
 Red Dragon Archfiend  /  Colossal Fighter 
 Hyper Psychic Blaster  /  T.G. Halberd Cannon 
 Doomkaiser Dragon 
 Arcanite Magician 
 n/a 
 Stardust Dragon 
 
 
 @Ignisters    Base forms   Evolved forms 
 Doyon     Dark Templar 
 Doshin     Earth Golem 
 Achichi     Fire Phoenix 
 Pikari     Light Dragon 
 Hiyari     Water Leviathan 
 Bururu     Wind Pegasus 
 
 
 Alchemy Beasts    Summoners     (Normal Spell Cards) 
 Moonface the Silver     Silver Key 
 Leon the Lead     Lead Compass 
 Salamandra the Steel     Steel Lamp 
 Ouroboros the Bronze     Bronze Scale 
 Ekenas the Mercury     Mercury Hourglass 
 Aretos the Tin     Tin Spell Circle 
 
 
 Aliens 
 Overlord  /  Mother  /  Psychic 
 Shocktrooper  /  Infiltrator  /  Warrior 
 Mars  /  Telepath 
 Ammonite  /  Dog  /  Grey  /  Kid  /  Shocktrooper M-Frame 
 Hunter  /  Hypno 
 Skull 
 
 
 Altergeists 
 Primebanshee  /  Multifaker  /  Kidolga  /  Fifinellag  /  Dragvirion  /  Memorygant  /  Pookuery 
 Kunquery 
 Hexstia 
 Marionetter 
 Meluseek  /  Fijialert 
 Silquitous  /  Pixiel 
 
 
 Aromages 
 Marjoram 
 Cananga 
 Bergamot 
 Jasmine 
 Rosemary 
 Laurel 
 
 
 Attribute Boosters   (500 ATK▲/400 DEF▼)    Link Monsters    (500 ATK▲/500 DEF▲)    Field Spells    (500 ATK▲/400 DEF▼)    Equip Spells    (400 ATK▲/200 DEF▼) 
 Witch's Apprentice     Wee Witch's Apprentice     Mystic Plasma Zone     Sword of Dark Destruction 
 Milus Radiant     Missus Radiant     Gaia Power     Invigoration 
 Little Chimera     Duelittle Chimera     Molten Destruction     Burning Spear 
 Hoshiningen     Hip Hoshiningen     Luminous Spark     Elf's Light 
 Star Boy     Mistar Boy     Umiiruka     Steel Shell 
 Bladefly     Greatfly     Rising Air Current     Gust Fan 
 
 
 Attribute Knights 
 Armageddon 
 Dust 
 Brushfire 
 Dawn 
 Shore 
 Altitude 
 
 
 Attribute Reptiles 
 Umbral Soul 
 Raging Earth 
 Firestorm Prominence 
 Radiant Spirit 
 Silent Abyss 
 Destruction Cyclone 
 
 
 Attribute Sorcerers    (4/1500/0/Spellcasters) 
 Dark 
 n/a 
 Fire 
 Light 
 Aqua 
 n/a 
 
 
 Attribute Spirits 
 Luna the Dark Spirit 
 The Rock Spirit 
 Spirit of Flames 
 Diana the Light Spirit 
 Aqua Spirit 
 Garuda the Wind Spirit 
 
 
 Attribute Summoners 
 Mystic Tomato 
 Giant Rat 
 UFO Turtle 
 Shining Angel 
 Mother Grizzly 
 Flying Kamakiri #1 
 
 
 B.E.S. 
 Big Core 
 Covered Core  /  Blaster Cannon Core 
 Big Core MK-2 
 Big Core MK-3 
 Crystal Core 
 Tetran 
 
 
 Barrier Statues 
 Abyss 
 Drought 
 Inferno 
 Heavens 
 Torrent 
 Stormwinds 
 
 
 Beast Gear World 
 Catapult Devilkong 
 Motor Wolf  /  Trike Fox  /  King Convoy Ligeon 
 Buggy Dog 
 n/a 
 n/a 
 Gyro Jackal 
 
 
 Charmers     Familiar-Possessed     Cataclysmic Charmers     Spiritual Arts    Familiar   Possessed Familiars 
 Dharc     Dharc     n/a     Greed     Meda Bat     n/a 
 Aussa     Aussa     Avalanching Aussa     Kurogane     Marmot     Nefarious 
 Hiita     Hiita     Blazing Hiita     Kurenai     Fox Fire     Inari Fire 
 Lyna     Lyna     n/a     Hijiri     Happy Lover     n/a 
 Eria     Eria     Raging Eria     Aoi     Gigobyte     Jigabyte 
 Wynn     Wynn     Storming Wynn     Miyabi     Petit Dragon     Ranryu 
 
 
 Chrysalis     Neo-Spacians    Evolved forms   Contact Fusions   Evolved forms   Advanced Contact Fusions 
 Pantail     Dark Panther     n/a     Dark Neos     n/a     Chaos Neos 
 Mole     Grand Mole     n/a     Grand Neos     n/a     Nebula Neos 
 Larva     Flare Scarab     n/a     Flare Neos     n/a     Magma Neos 
 Pinny     Glow Moss     Twinkle Moss     Glow Neos     n/a     Cosmo Neos 
 Dolphin     Aqua Dolphin     Marine Dolphin     Aqua Neos     Marine Neos     n/a 
 Chicky     Air Hummingbird     n/a     Air Neos     n/a     Storm Neos 
 
 
 Code Talkers      (Link-3) 
 Decode    ( Extended ) 
 Transcode 
 Powercode 
 Encode 
 Shootingcode 
 Excode 
 
 
 Color Ninjas    Dragon Ninjas 
 Strike     Black 
 Senior Silver     n/a 
 n/a     Red 
 White     White 
 n/a     Blue 
 Yellow     Yellow 
 
 
 Cubic 
 Vijam  /  Crimson Nova  ( Trinity ) 
 Dark Garnex 
 Blade Garoodia 
 Duza  /  Buster Gundil  /  Indiora Doom Volt 
 n/a 
 Geira Guile 
 
 
 CXyz 
 Dark Fairy Cheer Girl  /  Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral 
 Comics Hero Legend Arthur  /  Battleship Cherry Blossom  /  Zubaba Saikyo General 
 Coach Lord Ultimatrainer 
 Simon the Great Moral Leader  /  Barian Hope 
 N.As.Ch. Knight 
 Skypalace Babylon 
 
 
 Dice Roll  Archfiends 
 Terrorking  /  Masterking 
 Vilepawn 
 Infernalqueen 
 Desrook 
 Darkbishop 
 Shadowknight 
 
 
 Double Tributers     Effigies 
 Double Coston     Dark 
 The Trojan Horse     Earth 
 Flame Ruler     n/a 
 Kaiser Sea Horse     Light 
 Unshaven Angler     n/a 
 Whirlwind Prodigy     Wind 
 
 
 Dragonmaids    Human forms   Dragon forms 
 Chamber     n/a 
 Nurse     Ernus 
 Kitchen     Tinkhec 
 House     Sheou 
 Laundry     Nudyarl 
 Parlor     Lorpar 
 
 
 Dustons     (1/0/1000/Fiends) 
 Star 
 Yellow 
 Red 
 House  /  White 
 Blue 
 Green 
 
 
 Elemental HERO    Fusion Monsters    (1 "HERO" + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Escuridao 
 Gaia 
 Nova Master 
 The Shining 
 Absolute Zero 
 Great Tornado 
 
 
 Elemental Lords     Elementsabers 
 Umbramirage     Molehu 
 Grandsoil     Aina 
 Pyrorex     Malo 
 Phosphorage     Lapauila  ( Mana ) 
 Moulinglacia     Nalu 
 Windrose     Makani 
 
 
 Empowered Warriors     Summoners 
 Dragonox     n/a 
 Terratiger     White Tiger 
 Arnis     Red Sparrow 
 Dragodies     Golden Dragon 
 Hydrortoise      Green Turtle 
 Ventdra     Blue Dragon 
 
 
 Endymion 
 Master Magician  /  Mighty Master of Magic 
 Magister 
 Rogue 
 Crusader  /  Reflection 
 Magistus of Mastery 
 Servant 
 
 
 Entities 
 Azathot 
 Nyarla 
 Cthugua 
 N'tss 
 Norden 
 Hastorr 
 
 
 Fortune Fairies     Fortune Ladies 
 Ann     Dark  /  Past 
 Chee     Earth 
 En     Fire 
 Hikari     Light  /  Every 
 Swee     Water 
 Hu     Wind 
 
 
 Fur Hire 
 Seal  /  Folgo 
 Beat  /  Dyna 
 Bravo 
 Rafale 
 Helmer  /  Wiz 
 Donpa  /  Recon  /  Sagitta 
 
 
 Generaiders 
 Hela  /  Harr 
 Dovelgus  /  Jormungandr 
 Naglfar  /  Loptr 
 Mardel  /  Utgarda 
 Nidhogg 
 Frodi 
 
 
 Gizmek 
 Orochi 
 Uka 
 Kaku 
 Yata 
 Okami 
 Mikoto 
 
 
 Guardians    Weapons     (Equip Spell Cards) 
 Baou  /  Dreadscythe     Wicked-Breaking Flamberge  /  Reaper Scythe 
 Grarl     Gravity Axe 
 Ceal     Shooting Star Bow 
 Tryce     Twin Swords of Flashing Light 
 Kay'est     Rod of Silence 
 Elma  /  Eatos     Buttefly Dagger  /  Celestial Sword 
 
 
 Invoked     (1 " Aleister the Invoker " + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Caliga 
 Magellanica 
 Purgatrio 
 Mechaba 
 Cocytus 
 Raidjin 
 
 
 Kaiju 
 Radian 
 Kumongous 
 Dogoran 
 Jizukiru  /  Mecha-Dogoran  /  Thunder King  /  Mecha-Thunder-King 
 Gameciel 
 Gadarla 
 
 
 Knightmare 
 Iblee  /  Unicorn  /  Orcust  /  Idlee 
 Cerberus 
 Phoenix 
 Gryphon 
 Mermaid 
 Goblin 
 
 
 Legendary Planets 
 Sun  /  Jupiter  /  Saturn  /  Pluto 
 Terra Firma 
 Mars 
 Venus  /  Uranus 
 Mercury  /  Neptune 
 n/a 
 
 
 Masked HEROes 
 Dark Law  /  Anki 
 Dian 
 Goka 
 Koga 
 Vapor  /  Acid 
 Divine Wind  /  Blast 
 
 
 Magician Girls 
 ( Toon )    Dark    ( Dragon Knight ) 
 Berry 
 Apple 
 Lemon 
 Chocolate 
 Kiwi 
 
 
 Magikey 
 Clavkiys  /  Batosbuster  /  Ansyalabolas 
 Garesglasser 
 Transfurlmine 
 Mafteal 
 Vepartu 
 Andrabime 
 
 
 Magistus 
 Grimoire Crowley 
 Goddess Ninaruru 
 Flame Zoroa  /  Dragon Vafram 
 Verre Cendrillon  /  Maiden Artemis 
 Master Endymion 
 Saint Aiwass 
 
 
 Mirror Force 
 Dark 
 Quaking 
 Blazing 
 Radiant 
 Drowning 
 Storming 
 
 
 Monarchs    Mega Monarchs   Related  "Monarch"  Spell/Trap Cards    Vassals 
 Caius  /  Erebus     Caius the Mega     Tenacity  /  The First     Lucius  /  Eidos 
 Granmarg     Granmarg the Mega     Return     Landrobe  /  Samsara Kaiser 
 Thestalos     Thestalos the Mega     Erupt     Berlineth 
 Zaborg  /  Ehther     Zaborg the Mega     Strike  /  The Prime     Mithra  /  Edea 
 Mobius     Mobius the Mega     Awaken     Escher 
 Raiza     Raiza the Mega     Stormforth     Garum 
 
 
 Musical  Djinns 
 Maestroke 
 Temtempo 
 n/a 
 Melomelody 
 Humhumming 
 Muzurhythm 
 
 
 Mythyrian Numbers 
 Djinn Buster 
 Lion Heart  /  Ronin Raccoon Sandayu 
 n/a 
 Sky Pegasus  /  Dragluon 
 Abyss Splash  /  Crystalzero 
 n/a 
 
 
 Nemeses 
 Protos 
 Keystone 
 Flag 
 Eschatos 
 Umbrella 
 Corridor 
 
 
 Number 10X     Number C10X 
 n/a     Umbral Horror Masquerade 
 Giant Hand     Giant Red Hand 
 Battlin' Boxer Star Cestus     Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus 
 Star Seraph Sentry  /  Masquerade  /  Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon     Archfiend Seraph  /  Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon 
 Silent Honor ARK  /  Ragnazero     Silent Honor DARK  /  Ragnafinity 
 n/a     n/a 
 
 
 Odd-Eyes Dragons 
 Odd-Eyes  /  Pendulum  /  Rebellion  ( Overlord ) /  Persona  /  Phantom  /  Mirage  /  Performapal Metal Claw  /  Raging  /  Supreme King  /  Wing  /  Venom  /  Arc Pendulum  /  Advance  /  Wizard 
 Gravity 
 Meteorburst 
 Saber  /  Lancer  /  Revolution  /  Pendulumgraph 
 Absolute 
 Vortex 
 
 
 Pendulum  Magicians 
 Stargazer  /  Timegazer  /  Xiangke  /  Timebreaker  /  Acrobatic  /  Dragoncaller  /  Harmonizing  /  Double Iris  /  Black Fang  /  Purple Poison  /  Performapal Celestial 
 Dragonpulse 
 Nobledragon 
 Wisdom-Eye  /  Xiangsheng  /  Dharma-Eye  /  Performapal Five-Rainbow 
 Dragonpit 
 Oafdragon  /  White Wing 
 
 
 Prediction Princesses 
 Astromorrigan 
 Coinorma  /  Petalelf 
 n/a 
 Tarotrei 
 Crystaldine 
 Arrowsylph 
 
 
 Resonators 
 Dark  /  Synkron  /  Crimson 
 Clock 
 Flare  /  Red  /  Double  /  Net 
 Barrier  /  Chain  /  Mirror 
 Force 
 Creation 
 
 
 Road Magic 
 N/A 
 Diastrophism 
 Explosion 
 Rays Alter 
 Backflow 
 Tempest 
 
 
 El Shaddoll    Fusion Monsters    (1 "Shaddoll" + 1 matching Attribute) 
 Winda 
 Shekhinaga 
 Grysta 
 Construct 
 Anoyatyllis 
 Wendigo 
 
 
 Signer Dragons 
 Red Archfiend  /  Black-Winged 
 Life Stream 
 Black Rose 
 Ancient Fairy 
 n/a 
 Stardust 
 
 
 Six Samurai     Legendary Six Samurai     Secret Six Samurai 
 Irou     Shi En     Doji 
 Yariza     Kizan     Kizaru 
 Kamon     Mizuho     Genba 
 Zanji     Enishi     Rihan 
 Yaichi     Shinai     Hatsume 
 Nisashi     Kageki     Fuma 
 
 
 Sky Striker Ace 
 Raye  /  Zeke 
 Kaina 
 Kagari 
 Roze 
 Shizuku 
 Hayate 
 
 
 Sushi Angels 
 Spider Roll 
 Monkey Roll 
 n/a 
 Garibel  /  Agaribel 
 Tiger Roll 
 Dragon Roll 
 
 
 Synchro  Warriors    Tuner  Synchrons 
 Junk  /  Satellite     Junk  /  Satellite 
 Drill     Drill 
 Nitro  /  Jet     Nitro  /  Jet 
 Road     Road 
 n/a     Steam 
 Turbo     Turbo 
 
 
 Tenyi  Spirits 
 Vishuda 
 Adhara 
 Mapura 
 Ashuna  /  Sahasrara 
 Sthana 
 Nahata 
 
 
 The Weathers    Canvas     (Continuous Spell/Trap Cards) 
 Aurora     Auroral 
 Snow     Snowy 
 Sun     Sunny 
 Thunder  /  Rainbow     Thundery  /  Rainbowed 
 Rain     Rainy 
 Cloud     Cloudy 
 
 
 Timelords 
 Vorpgate 
 Kamion  /  Hailon 
 Metaion  /  Lazion  /  Michion 
 Sephylon  /  Sandaion 
 Zaphion  /  Gabrion 
 Sadion  /  Raphion 
 
 
 True Draco and True King 
 All Calamities 
 Lithosazim  /  Dreiath III 
 Agnimazud  /  Ignis Heat 
 Master Peace  ( King ) /  Metaltron XII 
 Bahrstos  /  Dinomight Knight 
 Majesty Maiden  /  Mariamne 
 
 
 Witchcrafters 
 Haine 
 Potterie 
 Schmitta 
 Edel  /  Madame Verre  /  Golem Aruru 
 Pittore 
 Genni 
 
 
 World Chalice 
 World Legacy 
 Beckoned  /  Ningirsu 
 Chosen  /  Auram 
 Lee 
 Crowned  / Ib ( Priestess / Justiciar ) 
 Guardragon  /  Imduk  /  Almarduke 
 
 
 Yang Zing 
 Taotie  /  Jiaotu  /  Yazi 
 Bi'an  /  Zefraxi  /  Zefraniu 
 Suanni 
 Chiwen  /  Baxia  /  Chaofeng  /  Denglong 
 Bixi 
 Pulao 
 
 
 Yo-kai Girls 
 Ghost Reaper & Winter Cherries 
 Ghost Belle & Haunted Mansion 
 Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring 
 Ghost Ogre & Snow Rabbit 
 Ghost Sister & Spooky Dogwood 
 Ghost Mourner & Moonlit Chill 
 
 
 ZW - 
 Chimera Clad  /  Dragonic Halberd 
 Ultimate Shield 
 Phoenix Bow  /  Asura Strike 
 Unicorn Spear  /  Lightning Blade  /  Leo Arms  /  Sleipnir Mail  /  Fenrir Sword  /  Pegasus Twin Saber  /  Sylphid Wing 
 n/a 
 Tornado Bringer  /  Eagle Claw 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/17/InheritedFortune-TF04-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20120611004506', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7b/FortuneLadyFire-TF05-JP-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120514175053', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/04/FortuneLadyFire-TF05-EN-VG.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20120514175109', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7e/FortuneLadyFire-JP-Anime-5D-NC.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20220201032756', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b9/FortuneLadyFire-EN-Anime-5D-NC.PNG/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20220201032406', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D']
Categories: Articles needing cleanup, Archetypes, TCG and OCG archetypes, Archetypes with Synchro Monster(s)