Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Barian_Invasion


 It has been suggested that this article be  renamed  to  Barian (arc) . ( discuss ) The reason given was:  Official name according to japanese amazon. Should be merged with  Mythyrian Numbers War  &  Barian Emperor Onslaught     
 
 
 Barian Invasion
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English
 
 
 Barian Invasion
 
 
 
 
 Anime storyline
 
 
 
 Series
 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 Original run
 
 
 7 October 2012 – 7 April 2013
 
 
 
 Episodes
 
 
 74  –  98 
 
 
 
 Preceded by
 
 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 
 
 
 Followed by
 
 
 Mythyrian Numbers War 
 
 
 
 Music
 
 
 Japanese opening
 
 
 Unbreakable Heart 
 
 
 
 Japanese ending
 
 
 Artist 
 
 
 
 English opening
 
 
 Halfway to Forever 
 
 
 Barian Invasion  is the fourth arc of the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime succeeding  World Duel Carnival Finals  and the first arc under the  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL II  name.
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Story Setting 
 2   Barian Invasion Duels 
 
 2.1   Girag's machinations 
 2.2   The Showdowns inside the Sphere Cube 
 2.3   The Battle of Sargasso 
 
 
 3   Episodes 
 
 
 Story Setting 
 The curtain falls on the  World Duel Carnival , peace has finally returned to  Heartland City . But now, emissaries from the  Barian World , hostile to the  Astral World , are aiming at taking the " Numbers " and  Astral  for themselves. In order to protect him,  Yuma ,  Kite  and  Shark  unite to combat the  Barian  menace.
 
 Barian Invasion Duels 
 Girag's machinations 
       Girag 's first attempt     
 With both  Vetrix  and  Dr. Faker  defeated,  Dumon  sent  Girag  to earth to acquire " Numbers " since he is the bravest warrior of  Barian World . Girag appeared from a portal in front of a gang of thugs led by  Fender  after Fender mentioned wanting more power. After a scuffle, Girag then uses " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force " to hypnotize Fender and his thugs, making them chant "Barian!" With Fender under his control, he instructed him to go after  Yuma Tsukumo . Yuma then got a call from  Bronk 's  Duel Gazer , but was shocked to find a Barian-brainwashed  Fender , who told him to meet him at  Heartland Academy  to Duel with the " Numbers " at stake. Yuma gave the  Emperor's Key  to  Tori  for safekeeping and ran off to school to Duel Fender. When the Duel began, Yuma was able to gain an early lead by lowering Fender's  Life Points  to 2500, but Fender used "Barian's Force" and Summoned his " CXyz " monster, " CXyz Mechquipped Djinn Angeneral ", pushing him into a corner. As Yuma struggled against Fender and "Angeneral", Yuma was about to give up since he could not think of a way to win the Duel. However, after Tori showed up and returned the Emperor's Key to him, he and  Astral  were able to make a comeback using a combination of " Number C39: Utopia Ray " and " Numbers Impact ". Afterwards, Yuma discussed the upcoming battle against the  Barian World  with  Kite  and  Shark , with Yuma believing that the three of them can overcome the  Barians .
 
         Yuma  facing another Barian attack.     
 After Fender's loss, Girag brainwashed a pro  Duelist  named  Devon Knox  who was visiting  Heartland Academy . Devon defeated  Ray Shadows  when the latter got in his way. After Ray told Yuma about how he was brutally defeated by Devon, Yuma challenged Devon to a Duel. At first, Yuma played defensively to withstand Devon's aggressive strategy. Even by Summoning " Number 34: Terror-Byte ", Yuma was pushed into a corner, but Yuma was able to Summon "Utopia Ray" and defeated Devon. Afterwards, Yuma was exhausted and accepted Ray's offer to carry him on his back. Yuma officially befriends Ray and was then carried off by a running Ray while hanging off his back and screaming.
 
         Art  vs.  Shark .     
 Girag 's next plan involved brainwashing the  Student Council  President,  Carlyle Chesterton . Carlyle then challenged Yuma to a Duel, with  Caswell  supervising the Duel. Carlyle pushed Yuma into a corner by Summoning " CXyz Simon the Great Moral Leader ", but Yuma managed to bring out " Number 39: Utopia " and win the Duel, ruining Girag's plan. Later, Girag stumbled upon the school's  Comic Book Appreciation Club , where he brainwashed  Art Stanley . Art kidnapped  Rio Kastle  in order to obtain Shark's "Number" card. The two faced off in a Duel, with Art cornering Shark with his "CXyz" monster. However, with a little help from Yuma, Shark was able to save Rio and make a comeback with " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss ".
 
         Yuma & Girag vs.  Tori  and  Cathy .     
 Girag later convinced Yuma and Ray to host a  Friendship Games  in order to settle an argument with the  Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club  in an attempt to take Yuma's "Numbers". Just before the final round, Girag brainwashed Tori and  Cathy  with "Barian's Force", but this plan was disrupted when Shark left the tournament early. Girag was substituted in as Yuma's partner instead. This worried him, as a Barian losing to a "CXyz" would have the same result as Astral losing to a "Number". Both Girag and Yuma managed to work together to defeat Tori and Cathy, returning them to normal.
 
 
 The Showdowns inside the Sphere Cube 
         Mizar  confronts  Yuma  and  Astral .     
 After the constant failures of  Girag  and  Alito ,  Dumon  decided to send  Mizar  to  Earth  in order to Duel  Yuma . He gave Mizar three  Barian Sphere Cubes , two of which he was to give to Girag and Alito. He then disappeared into a portal and appeared in an unknown realm. There, he approached a "Over-Hundred Number" called  giant dragon , which he absorbed into a  blank card . He then went to Earth, making the weather turn stormy. Seeing this, Girag and Alito went to investigate and recognized Mizar straight away as he emerged from the crater he created upon impact. Mizar gave the two their Barian's Sphere Cubes, then disappeared before Girag and Alito could respond. Mizar spied on Yuma and Tori near the  Duel Sanctuary  and fired a sphere of energy at  Tori , knocking her over. He then activated his Barian Sphere Cube, forcing Yuma into a Duel with his " Numbers " on the line. Yuma managed to get a head start by  Xyz Summoning  his " Number 39: Utopia " but Mizar countered with " Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ", which resembled the dragon from Yuma's nightmares, surprising both Yuma and Astral.
 
         The two  Galaxy-Eyes  wielders.     
 Using the  effects  of "Tachyon Dragon" abilities, Mizar destroyed "Utopia", knocking Yuma back into the  Sphere Field  which dealt real damage to him. As Yuma appeared too weak to continue the Duel,  Kite  arrived on the scene and took his place in the Duel. Kite quickly Summoned " Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", but struggled against "Tachyon Dragon". However, he managed to survive Mizar's  attack  and Summoned " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon ", which managed to destroy "Tachyon Dragon". Mizar countered by reviving "Tachyon Dragon". He revealed  his true form  and used " Barian's Force " to evolve it into " Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ". This, however, turned out to be too powerful for the Sphere Field to contain, and Mizar was forced to cancel the Duel. As the Sphere Field disintegrates, Shark attempted to catch Yuma but ended up falling into a crater along with him.
 
         Yuma using  ZEXAL  and Alito in his true form.     
 While waking to school, Yuma and  Ray  were pursued by a group of  Barian -influenced students and were forced to run. They become cornered, but were later assisted by Tori, Shark and Rio, who helped Yuma fight off the students in a  Battle Royal . At that point, Girag revealed himself to be a  Barian . Alito also appeared and helped Yuma defeat the students, while revealing his true identity. Later, Yuma and Alito began a Duel which started off in a similar way to their first Duel. Alito Summoned his own "Over-Hundred Number", " Number 105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cetsus , but was countered by Yuma and  Astral  with the power of  ZEXAL  and " Number C39: Utopia Ray ", both reaching a stalemate. Alito then revealed his true form and Summoned " Number C105: Battlin' Boxer Comet Cestus ". Yuma used " ZW - Eagle Claw " to equip to "Utopia Ray" and win the Duel. After the Duel, Alito allowed Astral to take his soul and his "Number". Astral tried, but much to his surprise, he could not. Yuma wanted to have another Duel with Alito in the future, but Alito said it wasn't possible, and bid farewell to Yuma and Astral, leaving through a portal. Later on, Girag found a severely beaten Alito, who claimed that Ray attacked him before passing out. Girag called Mizar and had him take Alito back to the the  Barian World  for recovery. Afterward, Girag challenged Yuma to a Duel and told Yuma to bring Ray with him. Both Yuma and Ray Dueled against Girag, who summoned his own "Over-Hundred Number" " Number 106: Giant Hand " and shortly after Summoned " Number C106: Giant Red Hand ". With Yuma and Ray pushed into a corner, Ray revealed his true Dueling Skills along with his position as a  Barian Cosmic Crime Unit  member and through " Shining Reborn ", gave Yuma " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force ", which Yuma used to Summon " Number C39: Utopia Ray V " in order to defeat Girag. At the end of the Duel, Girag was so badly wounded that he retreated to the Barian World to recover.
 
 The Battle of Sargasso 
 Ray  faced off against a  Barian  emissary named  Vector  inside a  Sphere Cube , who fled when  Yuma  arrived on the scene. Ray warned Yuma about Vector and handed Yuma some " V " cards. The next day, Vector appeared before Yuma and  Astral  and forced them to Duel him, revealing himself to be the the one who possessed  Dr. Faker . Vector Summoned " Number 66: Master Key Beetle " and sealed away Yuma's " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force ". Yuma countered by Summoning " Number 39: Utopia " and managed to  destroy  "Master Key Beetle" and recover his card, but Vector managed to revive it, recover his  Life Points  and Summon " Umbral Horror Mirage Tokens " to destroy "Utopia". Just as Ray arrived to support Yuma, Yuma used one of the cards he received from Ray, " V Salamander ", to revive "Utopia" and  evolve  it into " Number C39: Utopia Ray V ", using the effect of "V Salamander" to defeat Vector. After the Duel, Vector tried to abduct Yuma, but Ray stepped in and was taken by Vector instead. Just before Vector left for the  Barian World  with Ray, he threw the "Master Key Beetle" card to Astral, which was said to be the key to their final battle. 
 
         The  Barians  wait at " Sargasso ".     
 With "Master Key Beetle",  Astral  was able to activate the  Different Dimension Airship  inside the  Emperor's Key . Yuma was determined to use it to go to the Barian World to save Ray. They headed out, accompanied by  Shark ,  Rio ,  Kite ,  Orbital 7  and the  Super Secret Number Card Investigation Club . They were pulled out of the portal at a place called the " Sargasso the Different Dimension Battlefield ", where Vector,  Dumon  and  Mizar  waited them. Yuma took on Vector, Kite took on Mizar, and Shark took on Dumon. Yuma, Shark, Kite, and Mizar all stated off their turns with an  Xyz Summon , taking damage from "Sargasso". Dumon and Vector Summoned their own "Over-Hundred Numbers", " Number 102: Star Seraph Sentry " and " Number 104: Masquerade ", respectively; both of them used " Sargasso Lighthouse " to protect themselves from the damaging effect of "Sargasso". Yuma  drew  " Rank-Up-Magic Limited Barian's Force " to Summon "Utopia Ray V" and used it to destroy "Masquerade". Vector disappeared and Yuma thought that he was killed. Just then, Ray woke up and underwent  Barian Battlemorph  to reveal he was Vector in human form this entire time, and that up until now, the Vector that Yuma had Dueled against was a mere illusion. During their respective Duels, Kite Summoned " Neo Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon " and Shark used Chaos Xyz Evolution to Summon " Number C32: Shark Drake Veiss ". Mizar used " Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force " to Summon " Number C107: Neo Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon ", and Vector used " Glorious Numbers " to revive "Masquerade". Yuma and Astral attempted to use  ZEXAL Morph , but Vector told Astral that Yuma was hiding his true identity - who knows what he's hiding from Astral?and also questioned if Astral was honestly ready to be one with Yuma. He also informed him that he would be enveloped by the sliver of darkness on his body and ZEXAL Morph failed as a result. Then, Vector reminded Astral that "Utopia Ray V" has Barian origins, which was enough for Astral to be consumed by his own darkness. Astral then forced Yuma to use ZEXAL Morph with him, which resulted in them using  Dark ZEXAL  instead. 
 
         Dark ZEXAL, with Astral in control.     
 Yuma and Astral remain overlaid by Dark ZEXAL, with Astral in control. Under its influence, Astral Duels aggressively; uncaring of the damage he takes. Meanwhile, Yuma enters Astral's mind, intending to save him. Yuma finds Astral's subconscious still in a state of corruption, believing that Yuma is no longer his friend. Yuma apologizes profusely, saying that he was at fault and is sorry for what he had done. He then runs towards Astral and embraces him, pushing both of them out of Astral's mind in the process. In the physical world, "Utopia Ray V" attacks "Masquerade" one last time with "Utopia" at 83200  ATK . At the same time, Dark ZEXAL is reversed, with Yuma and Astral splitting apart as the others watch.
 Seeing that Yuma had regained consciousness, Shark and Kite tell Yuma to halt the attack of "Utopia V", saying that he would lose otherwise. Yuma quickly does so and ends his turn, taking damage from "Sargasso". Vector suggests that Yuma surrender since he has only 100  Life Points  left, but Yuma refuses, saying that he will always fight to protect his friends.
 
         " Number C104: Umbral Horror Masquerade " is Summoned.     
 Vector begins his turn and activates "Barian's Force",  Ranking-Up  "Masquerade" and Xyz Summoning " Number C104: Umbral Horror Masquerade " and  attaching  the  Overlay Units  of "Utopia Ray V" to itself and reducing its ATK by 300 for each Unit The effect of "Umbral Horror Masquerade" effect activates, allowing Vector to destroy a card in Yuma's  Spell & Trap Zone . He destroys " DZW - Chimera Clad ", reducing the ATK of "Utopia Ray V 2300. "Umbral Horror Masquerade" then attacks "Utopia Ray V" but Yuma activates his face-down " Xyz Revenge Shuffle ", returning "Utopia Ray V" to the  Extra Deck , and Special Summoning "Utopia" from his  Graveyard  in  Attack Position , reducing the  battle damage  to 0 and letting "Umbral Horror Masquerade" attack again. Yuma then activates the effect of " Interceptomato " in his Graveyard,  banishing  it to reduce the damage from "Sargasso" to 0. Yuma also activates the effect of the " Spell Recycler " in his Graveyard, sending " Xyz Agent " from the top of his Deck to the Graveyard, and adding "Limited Barian's Force" to the bottom of his Deck. Yuma then activates the effect of the "Xyz Agent" in his Graveyard, attaching it as an Overlay Unit to "Utopia". Yuma activates the effect of "Utopia", detaching an Overlay Unit to negate the attack. Vector activates the effect of "Umbral Horror Masquerade", detaching two Overlay Units to halve Yuma's Life Points for each Unit detached and discarding two random cards from Yuma's hand " Chachaka Archer " and " Giant Hunter ". Vector Sets " Barian Explosion ".
 Dumon and Mizar along with Kite and Shark, neglect their own Duels to watch Yuma's, the latter two believing that Yuma can still win. Yuma begins his turn, drawing the last card in his Deck, "Limited Barian's Force", but he then collapses. Astral says that his trust in Yuma is not what it was, but adds that he still wants to believe in hope and fight together. The two then perform a new ZEXAL Morph, called  ZEXAL II , signifying a new bond between Yuma and Astral.
 
         ZEXAL II creates " Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force ".     
 The two newly bonded duo activate "Limited Barian's Force" and perform a  Shining Evolution , transforming it into " Rank-Up-Magic Numeron Force ". They activate the new card, Ranking-Up "Utopia" and Summoning " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory " and negating the effects of all cards on the field other than "Utopia Ray Victory".
 
         " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory " is Summoned.     
 They attack "Umbral Horror Masquerade" with "Utopia Ray Victory", activating the effect of "Victory to add the ATK of "Umbral Horror Masquerade" to its own, winning them the Duel. The attack badly injures Vector, damaging his wing. Due to the power released during the Duel however, "Sargasso" begins to collapse, ending Shark's and Kite's Duels with no result.
 After the Duel, Yuma and Astral reconcile their bond and declare that their battles are only beginning and that Yuma is determined to improve. He jumps into the air yelling " kattobingu "!
 
 
 Episodes 
   English episode name Japanese episode name Translated Japanese episode name English air date Japanese air date Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 074 Attack of the Barians: Part 1 バリアン襲来!驚愕のカオス・エクシーズ・チェンジ!! Barian Invasion! The Frightening Chaos Xyz Change!! 17 August 2013 7 October 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 075 Attack of the Barians: Part 2 勝利の方程式よ揃え 打ち砕けカオスエクシーズ! The Formula for Victory Completed - Crush the Chaos Xyz! 24 August 2013 14 October 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 076 Hard Knox よかれと思ってただいま参上！真月零と申します I'm Here, Thinking for the Best! My Name Is Rei Shingetsu 31 August 2013 21 October 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 077 Rule Duel デュエルの乱れは校則違反！ 出撃！ 特命風紀コマンダー Disorderly Duels Are Against School Rules!? Sally Forth! Special Disciplinary Commander 7 September 2013 28 October 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 078 The Adventures of Artimus Stanleyus シャーク激昂！！ 捕らわれた妹を救え！ Shark Enraged!! Save the Captured Little Sister! 14 September 2013 4 November 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 079 Doom in Bloom 氷結乱舞！！ 氷の女王 神代璃緒 Freezing, Rampaging Dance!! Queen of Ice, Rio Kamishiro 21 September 2013 11 November 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 080 Rivals in the Ring 猛攻タイマンバトル！！ 遊馬 ＶＳ 不屈の闘士アリト A Fierce-Attack One-on-One Battle!! Yuma vs. Alito the Indomitable Fighter 28 September 2013 18 November 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 081 The Friendship Games 小鳥がカオスエクシーズ・チェンジ！？ 波乱のスポーツデュエル大会 Kotori Chaos Xyz Changes!? The Tumultuous Sports Duel Tournament 5 October 2013 25 November 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 082 Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 1 孤高のバリアン騎士 銀河眼使いミザエル現る The Aloof Barian Knight - Mizael the Galaxy-Eyes Master Appears 12 October 2013 9 December 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 083 Sphere Cube Calamity: Part 2 超弩級次元竜！！ 銀河眼の時空竜 Superdreadnought Dimension Dragon!! Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon 19 October 2013 16 December 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 084 Playing Defense 蘇れ！！ 遊馬ＶＳシャーク 復活の決闘 Be Revived! Yuma vs. Shark, a Healing Duel 26 October 2013 23 December 2012 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 085 Counter Offensive: Part 1 疾風迅雷のカウンターバトル！決意の闘士アリト Lightning-Speed Counter Battle! Alito the Determined Fighter 2 November 2013 6 January 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 086 Counter Offensive: Part 2 唸れ！カオス・ナンバーズ 　遊馬に向けたファイナルブロー Roar! Chaos Numbers - The Final Blow Aimed at Yuma 9 November 2013 13 January 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 087 Dual Duel: Part 1 ギラグ猛襲！炸裂、秘孔死爆無惚 Girag's Furious Assault! Explosion, Pressure-Point Death Bomb Nihility 16 November 2013 20 January 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 088 Dual Duel: Part 2 Ｖの鼓動　超新生ホープレイＶ！！ The Pulse of V - A Super-Rebirth, Hope Ray V!! 23 November 2013 27 January 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 089 Darkness Dawns 共闘ダークアストラル　影の巨人への挑戦！！ The United Front with Dark Astral - Challenge to the Shadow Giant!! 30 November 2013 3 February 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 090 You Give Love a Bot Name オボミ奪還作戦！？ 恋スルオイラハ無敵デアリマス Obomi Rescue Operation!? I In Love Am Invincible 7 December 2013 10 February 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 091 Take a Chance シャークＶＳ璃緒 １００戦目の喧嘩デュエル Shark vs. Rio - The 100th Squabble Duel 14 December 2013 17 February 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 092 An Imperfect Couple: Part 1 激戦カップルデュエル　｢アンナ奴｣と俺がタッグ!? A Fierce-Battle Couple Duel - "That Anna Chick" and I Are a Tag!? 11 January 2014 24 February 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 093 An Imperfect Couple: Part 2 献身的な愛　遊馬に託したラストドロー！！ Devoted Love - The Last Draw Entrusted to Yuma!! 18 January 2014 3 March 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 094 Enter Vector 真月の危機！暗躍者ベクターの襲撃 Shingetsu's Crisis! The Attack of Vector the Manipulator! 25 January 2014 10 March 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 095 The Search for Shadows いざ決戦の地へ！皇の鍵の飛行船、発進！！ Let's Go - To the Final Battle! Airship of the Emperor's Key, Liftoff!! 1 February 2014 17 March 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 096 Shadows of Deception 凶気のベクター 魔境サルガッソの闘い！ The Villainous Vector - Battle at the Demonic Domain of Sargasso! 8 February 2014 24 March 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 097 Sinister Shadows 敗北へのカウントダウン！ デッキ破壊の恐怖 Countdown to Defeat! The Terror of Deck Destruction 15 February 2014 31 March 2013 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL - Episode 098 Shadows End 限界突破！！「希望皇ホープレイ・ヴィクトリー」 Break Through the Limit!! "King of Wishes, Hope Ray Victory" 22 February 2014 7 April 2013 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Anime 
 Anime 
 Characters 
 Season 1 
 Season 2 
 DVDs 
 Special episodes
 1 
 2 
 Manga 
 Manga 
 Characters 
 Chapters 
 Special chapter 
 Spin-off manga 
 Chapters 
 Arcs 
 Pre-World Duel Carnival 
 World Duel Carnival Preliminaries 
 World Duel Carnival Finals 
 Barian Invasion 
 Mythyrian Number War 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 Video games 
 Duel Terminals 
 Xyz Startup!! 
 Sacred Star Knights!! 
 Ouroboros, Wicked Dragon of Destruction!! 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL World Duel Carnival (Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL Clash! Duel Carnival!) 
 Duel Terms 
 Augmented Reality Duel 
 Basket Rule (Vegetable Death Match) 
 Duel Field 
 Dueling Team  (manga) 
 Overlay Network 
 Rank-Down 
 Rank-Up 
 Speed Duel  (manga) 
 Statue Duel 
 Xyz Evolution (Xyz Change) 
 Xyz Material (Overlay Unit) 
 Xyz Monster 
 Xyz Summon 
 Items 
 Astrite 
 Baria Crystal (Variarite) 
 Barian Emblem (Varian Emblem) 
 Don Thousand's Emblem 
 Emperor's Key 
 Heart Piece 
 Kastle twins' rings 
 King's Coin (Conqueror's Coin) 
 Misconduct Card 
 Numbers 
 Barian Number (Fake Number) 
 Mythyrian Number (Legendary Numbers) 
 Number C 
 Number 10X 
 Number C10X 
 Numeron Code 
 Stanley's sketchbook 
 The Door 
 Technology 
 Baria Crystal (Varia Lapis) 
 Barian Sphere Cube (Varian's Sphere Cube) 
 Crashbug Virus (Bugman Virus) 
 D-Network  (manga) 
 Different Dimension Airship 
 Fusionizer 
 Dimensional Transporter 
 Digital Stone  (manga) 
 Duel Disk (D-Pad) 
 Duel Coaster 
 Duel Gazer (D-Gazer) 
 Orbital 
 Sphere Field 
 Abilities 
 Barian Battlemorph (Variarphose) 
 Chaos Draw (Varian's Chaos Draw) 
 Barian Pipe 
 Chaos 
 Crest 
 Duel Anchor 
 Energy ball 
 Photon Hand (ability) 
 Photon Transformation (Photon Change) 
 Shining Draw 
 ZEXAL 
 Dark ZEXAL 
 ZEXAL II 
 ZEXAL III 
 Shining Evolution (Re-Contract Universe) 
 Tournaments 
 Asia Duelist Championship 
 Couples Duel tournament (Couple Duel Tournament) 
 Duel Monsters Regional Cup  (manga) 
 Duel Team Carnival  (manga) 
 Friendship Games (Sports Duel Tournament) 
 Mini Surf Expert Match 
 National Duel Circuit 
 Pro Duelist Spartancity Tournament 
 T.F.E. Tournament 
 Team Duel Tournament  (manga) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Groups 
 Barian (Varian) 
 Barian Cosmic Crime Unit (Varian's Guardian) 
 Comic Book Appreciation Club (Manga Research Club) 
 Fearsome Four of the Dark Dueling World 
 Floral Design Club (Ikebana Club) 
 Heartland police 
 Number holder 
 Number Guardian 
 Student Council 
 Super Secret Number Card Investigation (Numbers Club) 
 Seven Barian Emperors (Seven Varian Emperors) 
 Team Air Force 
 Team Fire Stars 
 Team lswarm 
 Team Shark 
 Team ZEXAL 
 Triad of Terror (Fallguys) 
 United Lands of the Poseidon Ocean 
 Vector's army 
 Vetrix Family (Tron Family) 
 Characters' Decks 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Reginald Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Other 
 Astral glyphs 
 Astral World 
 Barian glyphs (Varian glyphs) 
 Barian World (Varian World) 
 Earth 
 Interdimensional War 
 Kattobingu 
 King of Games (King of Duelists) 
 Legend of the Dragons of Light and Time 
 Numbers War  (manga) 
 
 Locations 
 Music 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/05/Ambox_move.png/revision/latest?cb=20101005170235', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/dc/BarianNanago.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20170607200103', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/e5/Barians_first_attempt.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130105231455', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/Yuma_vs_katagirl.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130105232951', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/78/KingArthurvs.SharkDrake.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20140612200216', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/0d/Yuma_and_Gilag_vs_Tori_and_Cathy.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130106001335', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1a/ZEXAL_episode_82.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20121209135054', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/3/32/Misael_and_Kite.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130106004545', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/2/28/ZEXAL_episode_86.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130113114524', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/f/f9/The_Last_Barians.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130317205052', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/7c/Dark_ZEXAL_taken_over_by_Astral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20131018234214', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/74/NumberC104UmbralHorrorMasquerade-JP-Anime-ZX-NC-2.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130408070757', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/d/d1/ZEXALIINumeronForce.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130409031932', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a4/NumberC39UtopiaRayVictory-JP-Anime-ZX-NC.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130407121937']
Categories: Candidates for renaming, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL story arcs