Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/File:Eliphas.png


 
 Eliphas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 English name 
 Eliphas 
 
 
 Japanese name  
 エリファス 
 
 
 
 
 Gender 
 Male 
 
 
 
 
 Organization 
 Astral World 
 
 
 
 
 Anime Deck 
 New Order /Etheric 
 
 
 
 
 Anime debut  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 118: " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " 
 
 
 Anime appearances 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 
 
 
 English voice 
 Matt W. Cody 
 
 
 Japanese voice 
 Kenji Hamada 
 
 
 
 Eliphas  is a character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  and the will of the  Astral World . As such, he governs the entire realm and aims to  Rank it up  by destroying the  Barian World .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Design 
 
 1.1   Appearance 
 1.2   Personality 
 1.3   Abilities 
 
 
 2   Biography 
 
 2.1   History 
 2.2   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 
 2.2.1   Legendary Number War 
 2.2.2   Barian Emperor Onslaught 
 
 
 
 
 3   Deck 
 4   Duels 
 5   References 
 
 
 Design 
 Appearance 
       Full body view of Eliphas.     
 Eliphas is physically large and muscular with teal and beige heterochromic eyes and long flowing blond hair. He wears gold plated sleeveless armor with large sapphires at the pauldrons and faulds and a large white cape at the back. His half helmet is crowned with three sapphire-covered tips and he wields an acute angled  Duel Disk  with a cyan interior.
 
       Eliphas, without his mask.     
 When his helmet fell off, it is revealed that he has one blue gem on his forehead and two above his temples, as well as marks on his face similar to but noticeably different from the ones on  Astral 's.
 
 Personality 
 Eliphas is fanatical in his disdain for  Chaos  and the  beings  that possess it, especially those he perceives as menaces to the  Astral World . He even threatens his own people such as  Enna  after  Yuma  healed them with his Chaos energy, as they have become infected by it and must be quarantined. Nonetheless, he is shown to be lenient enough to allow Yuma to Duel for Astral's sake.   
 Another trait is his adherence to  Ranking Up , especially to when it comes to his world. In his definition, it's the means to surpass limitations and to escape the suffering brought on by Chaos. To that end, only a select chosen few are allowed entry to the Astral World as they have the potential to Rank-Up spiritually.
 
 Abilities 
       Eliphas performing a  Shining Draw .     
 As the will of the  Astral World  itself, Eliphas is near omnipotent. He can appear anywhere he wishes and clone copies of himself. He can summon guard dogs and shoot lightning at those who happen to intrude into his domain, as shown while he was chasing  Yuma .
 As a denizen of the Astral World, he is also capable of performing multiple  Shining Draws  during a Duel.
 
 Biography 
 History 
 Eliphas was created by the denizens of the  Astral World  as the ultimate symbol of their worldview of "Ranking-Up" at the time. [1]  Eliphas also mentioned witnessing the Duel between the  Original Number  and the Barian deity  Don Thousand . [2] 
 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL 
 Legendary Number War 
         Eliphas meets  Yuma .     
 Eliphas confronted  Yuma Tsukumo  when the latter arrived in the  Astral World . Insisting that Yuma could not be allowed there, he attempted to kill him several times, with Yuma being saved by  Rainbow Kuriboh . After meeting  Enna  and using the power of  Chaos  to cure several Astral denizens, Yuma and Eliphas conversed with one another, with Yuma demanding  Astral 's return. Eliphas explained that the  Barian World  is the result of the Astral World expelling Chaos in order to Rank-Up and that Astral's original purpose was to destroy the Barian World. Eliphas also blamed Yuma for Astral's injuries, but Yuma countered that he and Astral cooperated as friends. Yuma suggested they Duel to determine Astral's fate. Eliphas agreed, but Yuma was to wager his memories of Astral. The Duel begins with Eliphas Summoning " New Order 4: Etheric Anubis " on the first  turn  and revealing that he was capable of performing  Shining Draw . [1] 
 Eliphas continuously Double Ranked-Up his  monsters  through " Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force ", while lecturing Yuma on what he done to Astral. Believing that Astral had been "corrupted" by Yuma's Chaos and the betrayal at " Sargasso ", Eliphas intended to purge Astral's memories and send him off to fulfill his original purpose once more. The betrayal at "Sargasso" inflicted a small wound that threatened to poison Astral's entire body. It was only through the intervention of Yuma's father  Kazuma  that Astral was sent to Yuma as Kazuma modified Astral's programming before sending him, in defiance of his original mission. By healing Enna and the others, Eliphas believed that Yuma had infected them with Chaos - and thus they could not be allowed to live. However, Eliphas agreed to reconsider his perspective if Yuma would win. Though Yuma brought out " Number C39: Utopia Ray Victory " and succeeded in inflicting a large amount of damage to Eliphas, Eliphas continued to Rank-Up his monsters, culminating in " New Order 12: Etheric Maahes ". [3] 
 Through cards such as " Rank-Up Advantage " and " Rank Domination ", Eliphas was able to perform multiple Shining Draws in a single turn and drastically cut down the ATK of Yuma's monsters, ultimately draining the ATK of "Utopia Ray Victory" to 0. Through the protection of " Rainbow Kuriboh ", Yuma was able to survive with only 100  Life Points  remaining. He attempted to bypass Eliphas' monsters and launch a  direct attack  using " Stealth Strike ", but Eliphas countered with " Rank Wall ". On his next turn, Eliphas performed one final Rank-Up, unveiling an unprecedented  Rank 13  Xyz Monster - " New Order 13: Etheric Amon ". Its effect drained Yuma's  Deck , using it to gain more  Overlay Units  for itself. Once more, "Rainbow Kuriboh" allowed Yuma to survive another turn. 
 Through his will, Yuma was able to perform a Shining Draw of his own, creating " Rank-Down-Magic Numeron Fall " and Ranking-Down " Number 39: Utopia " into a Rank 1 monster - " Number 39: Utopia Roots ". While Eliphas scoffed at its pitiful Rank and 500 ATK as well as Yuma conducting a summon that removed every card in his Deck, Yuma revealed its effect and used it, ultimately multiplying its ATK by the Rank difference between itself and "Amon" as well as multiplying it by the number of Overlay Units "Amon" had. Though Eliphas believed that Yuma's efforts were still wasted due to his monster having already attacked, Yuma followed up with " Double or Nothing! ", which made the ATK of "Utopia Roots" reach 79,200, allowing "Utopia Roots" to obliterate "Amon" and defeat Eliphas. 
 A man of his word, Eliphas released Astral and entrusted the fate of the Astral World to him and Yuma. They were given permission to confront the Barian World in whatever approach they wished instead of destroying it along with information about  Don Thousand 's existence. He then bestowed Astral with a card and returned the  Emperor's Key  to Yuma before sending the ZEXAL wielders back to the  Human World . [2] 
 
 Barian Emperor Onslaught 
         Eliphas sacrifices himself to save  Astral .     
 When  Don Thousand  opened a portal to the  Astral World  during his Duel against  Nash  and Yuma, Eliphas witnessed the damage caused to the Astral World. He later journeyed to the  Barian World  when  Astral  was intent on sacrificing himself to destroy " Numeron Network ". Eliphas pushed Astral out of the way, telling him he cannot die yet. He threw Astral another card (later revealed to be " Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force " [4] ) and forcefully returned him to the Duel's location as the Numeron Network went critical when the energy from it backfired, having nowhere else to go after  the card  was removed. [5] 
 After the final Duel between Yuma and Astral, Eliphas was revived by the power of the Numeron Code. He was seen discussing the new crisis that plagued the Astral World with  Enna . [6] 
 
 Deck 
 Eliphas uses an " New Order /Etheric "  Deck  He primarily focuses on Double Ranking-Up his  monsters , which resemble Egyptian deities which makes him the first character in  Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  to do so with the aide of " Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force ". He starts by using " New Order 4: Etheric Anubis ", and its evolved forms. The more evolved "Anubis" is the stronger it becomes from lowering the ATK of his opponent's monsters, to destroying cards, to effective swarm for a beatdown strategy. His " Rank-Up Advantage " also grants him extra draws for each successful  Rank-Up , allowing him to potentially perform multiple  Shining Draws  each turn.
 He also employs several cards that grant him advantage by out-Ranking the opponent's  Xyz Monster  such as " Rank Domination " that ensures that his high-Rank Xyz Monsters are difficult to defeat in  battle . When able to do it he can also use "Astral Force" to summon his most powerful monster, and the first Rank 13 monster; " New Order 13: Etheric Amon " to devise a Mill Strategy as the more Xyz Monsters his opponent's summon the more Overlay Units "Amon" will absorb from their Deck, and make it stronger as a plus to also not be destroyed. This effective makes Eliphas a difficult opponent to defeat, and his Deck shares his views of Ranking-Up  Barian World  to destroy it.
 
 
 Deck Extra Deck   
 Xyz Monsters 
 New Order 4: Etheric Anubis 
 New Order 6: Etheric Apophis 
 New Order 8: Etheric Sebek 
 New Order 10: Etheric Horus 
 New Order 12: Etheric Maahes 
 New Order 13: Etheric Amon Spells   &  Traps   
 Spells 
 Mysterious Monolith  x2 
 Rank Domination 
 Rank-Up Advantage 
 Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force  x2 
 Traps 
 Ascension Spiral 
 Mysterious Mirror 
 Rank Wall 
 Duels 
 
 
 Opponent(s)
 
 Episode(s)
 
 Outcome
 
 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 118 - 121 
 Lose
 
 References 
 
 ↑  1.0   1.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 118: " Mission: Astral World, Part 1 " 
 
 ↑  2.0   2.1   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 121: " Mission: Astral World, Part 4 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 119: " Mission: Astral World, Part 2 " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 142: " The Battle of Three Worlds " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 139: " The Source Code " 
 
 ↑   Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  episode 146: " Forever ZEXAL " 
 
 
 v e 
 Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL  anime   characters Yuma 's group 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Bronk Stone (Tetsuo Takeda) 
 Caswell Francis (Takashi Todoroki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Heartland Academy 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Spencer (Taichi) 
 Summer (Sachi) 
 Jen (Sei) 
 Rio Kastle (Rio Kamishiro) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Yata-Garasu 
 Faker 's group 
 Dr. Faker 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Kite Tenjo (Kaito Tenjo) 
 Hart Tenjo (Haruto Tenjo) 
 Orbital 7 
 Orbital 5 
 Orbital 6 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Dextra (Droite) 
 Heartland Tower Security Robot 
 Vetrix Family 
 Vetrix 
 Trey (III) 
 Quattro (IV) 
 Quinton (V) 
 Yuma 's family 
 Kazuma Tsukumo 
 Mira Tsukumo (Mirai Tsukumo) 
 Haru Tsukumo 
 Kari Tsukumo (Akari Tsukumo) 
 Lillybot (Obomi) 
 "Number" holders 
 Reginald "Shark" Kastle (Ryoga Kamishiro) 
 Mr. Kay (Ukyo Kitano) 
 Flip Turner (Tokunosuke Omoteura) 
 Nelson Andrews (Fuya Okudaira) 
 Scorch (Rikuo) 
 Chills (Kaio) 
 Number 56's holder 
 Kaze (Yamikawa) 
 Number 16's holder 
 Fortuno (Jin) 
 Number 96's holder 
 Charlie McCay (Charlie McCoy) 
 Cameron Clix (Syuta Hayami) 
 World Duel Carnival 
 Striker Crossit (Kakeru Kunitachi) 
 Cody Callus (Shobee Yuatsu) 
 Anna Kaboom (Anna Kozuki) 
 Charlie's opponent 
 Tombo Tillbitty (Housaku Yasai) 
 Pip (Dog-chan) 
 Roscoe (Chukichi) 
 Wolfsbane (Fallguys Wolf) 
 Coyote (Fallguys Coyote) 
 Jackal (Fallguys Jackal) 
 Count Crazy Fang (Nosferatu Nakajima) 
 Lord Percius (Bergman Sakata) 
 Pepe Perez (Garcia Panther) 
 Milky Kulala 
 Cowboy Duelist 
 Green Coat Duelist 
 Mustached Duelist 
 Scarred Duelist 
 Unknown Finalist 
 Tricky Tommy Noble (Burning Toramaru) 
 Conical Hat Duelist 
 Sultan of Spells 
 Quattro 's opponents 
 Kazuma Motosu 
 Misato Hayashi 
 Tetsu Tamatsu 
 Astral World 
 Yuma Tsukumo 
 Astral 
 Eliphas 
 Enna 
 Barian World 
 Barian Emperors 
 Girag 
 Alito 
 Mizar (Mizael) 
 Dumon (Durbe) 
 Vector 
 Nash (Nasch) 
 Marin (Merag) 
 Fearsome Four 
 Mr. Heartland 
 Erazor (Semimaru) 
 Chironex (Kurage) 
 Scritch (Kaninja) 
 Human pawns 
 Dr. Faker 
 Vetrix (Tron) 
 Fender (Fuma) 
 Devon Knox (Daisuke Katagiri) 
 Carlyle Chesterton (Mamoru Jinguji) 
 Art Stanley (Chitaro Ariga) 
 Lotus Hanazoe (Aika Hanazoe) 
 Tori Meadows (Kotori Mizuki) 
 Cathy Katherine (Cathy) 
 Brooke Walker (Umimi Habara) 
 Nistro (Gauche) 
 Other 
 Don Thousand 
 Iris 
 
 "Number" Guardians 
 Mach 
 Battle Ox (Minotaurus) 
 Number 54's guardian 
 Ponta 
 Jinlon 
 Abyss 
 Monster Spirits 
 Number 39: Utopia (Numbers 39: Hope, King of Wishes) 
 Number 83: Galaxy Queen (Numbers 83: Galaxy Queen) 
 Number 96 (Numbers 96) 
 Number 32: Shark Drake (Numbers 32: Marine Biting Dragon - Shark Drake) 
 Number 94: Crystalzero (Numbers 94: Crystal Zero the Polar Ice Princess) 
 Number 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon (Numbers 107: Galaxy-Eyes Tachyon Dragon) 
 Rainbow Kuriboh 
 Number 100: Numeron Dragon (Numbers 100: Numeron Dragon) 
 Sparrow Family  characters 
 Beast-Warrior Puma (Beast-Warrior Puman) 
 Ironhammer the Giant (Iron Giant Ironhammer) 
 Phoenix Beast Gairuda 
 Other 
 Litterbots (Obots) 
 Candy shopkeeper 
 Weasel (Ginji) 
 Heartland Fairground Clown 
 Roku (Rokujuro) 
 Brianna Stone (Tetsuko Takeda) 
 Mrs. Andrews (Mrs. Okudaira) 
 Mrs. Meadows (Mrs. Mizuki) 
 Tetsumi Stone (Tetsumi Takeda) 
 Mrs. Francis (Mrs. Todoroki) 
 Meredith (Yone) 
 Kenichi 
 Goda (Jewel thief) 
 Heartland Mailman 
 Dempsey Crossit (Kazu Kunitachi) 
 Donovan Crossit (Hide Kunitachi) 
 Keller Crossit (Shigeru Kunitachi) 
 Heartland construction worker 
 Kumo Tsuyuma (Yuya Tsukune) 
 May (Mayumi) 
 Editor-in-chief 
 Finalist's friend 
 Scarlett Starling (Sanagi Chouno) 
 Shadow Giant 
 Mayday Walker (Tobio Habara) 
 Parker 
 Muscules the Magnificent (Oily Muscle) 
 Mr. Kastle (Mr. Kamishiro) 
 Mrs. Kastle (Mrs. Kamishiro) 
 Reginald Kastle (original) 
 Rio Kastle (original) 
 Vector's father 
 Vector's mother 
 Aim For Number 1 in the World! 
 Kohei Uchimura 
 Taiki 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/1/1d/Eliphas.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20131015100722', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/a/a3/EliphasFullBody.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130902120139', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/b/b7/Eliphas_without_his_Headgear.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/180?cb=20130915193153', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/e/ec/Eliphas%27s_Shinning_Draw.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130902120139', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/0/03/Eliphas_warning_Yuma.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130826104139', 'data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIABAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAEALAAAAAABAAEAQAICTAEAOw%3D%3D', 'https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/7/72/EliphasSavesAstral.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20140516234709']
Categories: Characters, Yu-Gi-Oh! ZEXAL characters