Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/List_of_renamed_cards

For cards appearing in video games that were renamed when published in the OCG/TCG, see  List of cards renamed from video games .      Cards have sometimes been renamed in the history of the  OCG / TCG .
 Minor renames have often been made to change the capitalization of a word (particularly the capitalization of the word "the") or to add or remove a space (such as the case of " Blackwing Armed Wing ", which originally had a second space after "Blackwing"), while more major renames often consist of changing words or phrases to clarify that the card is or is not a member of an  archetype  (as was the case with " HERO " cards and the "HERO" sub-archetypes " Elemental HERO ", " Destiny HERO ", and " Evil HERO ", all of which were originally printed with only the first letter of "Hero" capitalized). Rarely, an archetype membership clarification can be made with a minor change, as in the case of " Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier ", where only the word "barrier" was capitalized to show it is a member of the " Ice Barrier " archetype.
 Some very old cards in English were originally printed with names which were later changed to use more benign language. For example, " Trial of Nightmare " was originally printed as "Trial of Hell".
 In Portuguese, several cards were originally printed using their English names, and were later reprinted using a Portuguese translation, such as " Fratura Raigeki ", which was originally printed with the English name "Raigeki Break".
 Cards in  OCG  languages have been renamed much less frequently than those in the  TCG .
 
 Contents 
 
 1   English 
 
 1.1   Archetype renames 
 1.2   Individual card renames 
 
 1.2.1   Major changes 
 1.2.2   Minor changes 
 
 
 
 
 2   French 
 
 2.1   Archetype renames 
 2.2   Individual card renames 
 
 2.2.1   Major changes 
 2.2.2   Minor changes 
 
 
 
 
 3   German 
 
 3.1   Archetype renames 
 3.2   Individual card renames 
 
 3.2.1   Major changes 
 3.2.2   Minor changes 
 
 
 
 
 4   Italian 
 
 4.1   Archetype renames 
 4.2   Individual card renames 
 
 4.2.1   Major changes 
 4.2.2   Minor changes 
 
 
 
 
 5   Portuguese 
 
 5.1   Archetype renames 
 5.2   Individual card renames 
 
 5.2.1   Major changes 
 5.2.2   Minor changes 
 
 
 
 
 6   Spanish 
 
 6.1   Archetype renames 
 6.2   Individual card renames 
 
 6.2.1   Major changes 
 6.2.2   Minor changes 
 
 
 
 
 7   Asian-English 
 
 7.1   Individual card renames 
 
 
 8   Chinese 
 
 8.1   Individual card renames 
 
 
 9   Japanese 
 
 9.1   Individual card renames 
 
 
 10   Korean 
 
 10.1   Individual card renames 
 
 
 
 
 English 
 Archetype renames 
 "Destiny Hero" → " Destiny HERO " 
 "Elemental Hero" → " Elemental HERO " 
 "Evil Hero" → " Evil HERO " 
 Individual card renames 
 Major changes 
 "After Genocide" → "After the Struggle" → "After The Struggle" → " After the Struggle " 
 "Amazon Archer" → " Amazoness Archer " (to show it is part of the " Amazoness " archetype) 
 "Armityle the Chaos Phantom" →  " Armityle the Chaos Phantasm " (to show it is part of the " Phantasm " archetype) 
 "Big Core" → " B.E.S. Big Core " (to show it is part of the " B.E.S. " archetype) 
 "Cliff the Trap Remover" → " Dark Scorpion - Cliff the Trap Remover " (to show it is part of the " Dark Scorpion " archetype) 
 "Dark Assassin" → " Dark Assailant " 
 "Dark Trap Hole" → " Darkfall " (to show it is not part of the " Trap Hole " archetype) 
 "Forbidden Graveyard" → " Silent Graveyard " (to show it is not part of the " Forbidden " archetype) 
 "Frog the Jam" → " Slime Toad " (to show it is not part of the " Frog " archetype) 
 "Harpie's Brother" → " Sky Scout " (to show it is not part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "HERO Flash!!" → " Hero Flash!! " (to show it is not part of the " HERO " archetype) 
 "Hero's Bond" → " HERO's Bond " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype) 
 "Hidden Book of Spell" → " Hidden Spellbook " (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 "Judgment of the Pharaoh" → " Judgment of Pharaoh " 
 "Kinetic Soldier" → " Cipher Soldier " (to show it is part of the " Cipher " archetype) 
 "Luster Dragon" → " Luster Dragon #2 " (to distinguish it from " Luster Dragon ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Marie the Fallen One" → " Darklord Marie " (to show it is part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Metaphysical Regeneration" → " Supernatural Regeneration " (to show it is not part of the " Metaphys " archetype) 
 "Null and Void" → " Muko " (to show it is not part of the " Void " archetype) 
 "Nurse Reficule the Fallen One" → " Darklord Nurse Reficule " (to show it is part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Oscillo Hero #2" → " Wattkid " (to show it is part of the " Watt " archetype) 
 "Pigeonholing Books of Spell" → " Spellbook Organization " (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 "Red-Eyes B. Chick" → " Black Dragon's Chick " (to show it is not part of the " Red-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Red-Eyes B. Dragon" → " Red-Eyes Black Dragon " 
 "Red-Moon Baby" → " Vampire Baby " (to show it is part of the " Vampire " archetype) 
 "Trial of Hell" → " Trial of Nightmare " 
 Minor changes 
 "Alpha The Magnet Warrior" → "Alpha the Magnet Warrior" → " Alpha The Magnet Warrior " 
 "Arcana Force Ex - the Light Ruler" → " Arcana Force EX - The Light Ruler " 
 "Beta The Magnet Warrior" → "Beta the Magnet Warrior" → " Beta The Magnet Warrior " 
 "Big Shield Guardna" → " Big Shield Gardna " 
 "Blackwing  Armed Wing" → " Blackwing Armed Wing " (extra space removed) 
 "Call Of The Haunted" → " Call of the Haunted " 
 "Cemetery Bomb" → " Cemetary Bomb " 
 "Contract with the Abyss" → "Contract with the Aybss" → " Contract with the Abyss " 
 "D. D. Assailant" → " D.D. Assailant " 
 "D. D. Borderline" → " D.D. Borderline " 
 "D. D. Designator" → " D.D. Designator " 
 "D. D. Scout Plane" → " D.D. Scout Plane " 
 "D. D. Trainer" → " D.D. Trainer " 
 "D. D. Warrior Lady" → "D.D. Warrior Lady" → "D. D. Warrior Lady" → " D.D. Warrior Lady " 
 "De-Spell" → "De-spell" → " De-Spell " 
 "Doma The Angel of Silence" → "Doma the Angel of Silence" → " Doma The Angel of Silence " 
 "Gaia The Fierce Knight" → "Gaia the Fierce Knight" → " Gaia The Fierce Knight " 
 "Gamma The Magnet Warrior" → "Gamma the Magnet Warrior" → " Gamma The Magnet Warrior " 
 "Gift of The Mystical Elf" → "Gift of the Mystical Elf" → " Gift of The Mystical Elf " 
 "Gradius's Option" → " Gradius' Option " 
 "Helping Robo For Combat" → "Helping Robo for Combat" → "Helping Robo For Combat" → " Helping Robo for Combat " 
 "Hundred-Eyes Dragon" → " Hundred Eyes Dragon " (to show it is not part of the " Red-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Level up!" → " Level Up! " 
 "Necrolancer the Timelord" → " Necrolancer the Time-lord " (to show it is not part of the " Timelord " archetype) 
 "Red-eyes B. Dragon" → " Red-Eyes B. Dragon " 
 "Sephylon, the Ultimate Time Lord" → " Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord " 
 "Tribute to The Doomed" → "Tribute to the Doomed" → " Tribute to The Doomed " 
 "Trishula, Dragon of the Ice barrier" → " Trishula, Dragon of the Ice Barrier " (to show it is part of the " Ice Barrier " archetype) 
 "Winged Dragon,Guardian of the Fortress #1" → " Winged Dragon, Guardian of the Fortress #1 " 
 French 
 Archetype renames 
 "Héros de la Destinée" → " HÉROS de la Destinée " 
 "Héros du Mal" → " HÉROS du Mal " 
 "Héros Élémentaire" → " HÉROS Élémentaire " 
 Individual card renames 
 Major changes 
 "Aile Noire - Foehn la Chaîne de Fer"  → " Aile Noire - Foehn la Chaîne d'Acier " (to show it is not part of the " Iron Chain " archetype) 
 "Aile Sombre Chevalier de Gaia" → " Gaïa le Chevalier Implacable Rapide " (to show it is part of the " Gaia The Fierce Knight " archetype) 
 "Ange Déchu des Roses"  → " Ange Banni des Roses " (to show it is not part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Annule Attaque" → " Annulation d'Attaque " 
 "Archère Amazonesse" → " Chasseresse Amazonesse " (to distinguish it from " Amazoness Archers ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Bébé de la Lune Rouge" → " Bébé Vampire " (to show it is part of the " Vampire " archetype) 
 "Bouclier de Combat Démoniaque des Bêtes Gladiateur" → " Bouclier de Combat Archdémon des Bêtes Gladiateurs " (to show it is part of the " Archfiend " archetype) 
 "Braiser Inpachi" → " Inpachi Ardent " 
 "Couveuse Cellule "A"" → " Incubateur Cellule "A" " 
 "Cyber Dragon Jumelé" → " Dragon Cyber Jumelé " (to show it is not part of the " Cyber Dragon " archetype) 
 "Cyber Dragon Ultime" → " Dragon Cyber Ultime " (to show it is not part of the " Cyber Dragon " archetype) 
 "Destruction en Fusion" → " Destruction de Lave " (to show it is not part of the " Fusion " archetype) 
 "Dragon Empereur du Chaos - Annonciateur de l'Apocalypse" → " Dragon Empereur du Chaos - Emissaire de l'Achèvement " 
 "Espion Xyz" → " Agent Xyz " (to show it is part of the " The Agent " archetype, incorrectly) 
 "Evacuation Forcée" → "Dispositif d'Évacuation Obligatoire" → "Evacuation Forcée" → "Dispositif d'Évacuation Obligatoire" → "Evacuation Forcée" → " Dispositif d'Évacuation Obligatoire " 
 "Frère de Harpie" → " Éclaireur du Ciel " (to show it is not part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "Gardien au Grand Bouclier" → " Sentinelle au Grand Bouclier " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Gardien Celtique Recyclé" → " Guardien Celtique Recyclé " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Gardien Koa'ki Meiru" → " Gardien d'Onyx Koa'ki Meiru " 
 "Grand Vaisseau" → " B.E.S. Grand Vaisseau " (to show it is part of the " B.E.S. " archetype) 
 "Grimoire Dissimulé" → " Livre de Magie Dissimulé " (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 "Grenouille de Permutation" → " Crapaud de Permutation " 
 "Héros Oscillo Nº2" → " Électro-Gamin " (to show it is part of the " Watt " archetype) 
 "Kay'est – Baguette de Silence" → " Kay'est - Bâton de Silence " 
 "Lien des Héros" → " Lien des HÉROS " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype) 
 "Lyna l'Invocatrice de Lumière" → " Lyna la Charmeuse de Lumière " (to show it is part of the " Charmer " archetype) 
 "Monde Cyber" → " Monde Terminal " (to show it is not part of the " Cyber " archetype) 
 "Néant Absolu" → " Fosse du Vide " (to show it is part of the " Void " archetype) 
 "Nécrolancer, le Seigneur du Temps" → " Nécrolancer, le Seigneur-Temps " (to show it is not part of the " Timelord " archetype) 
 "Offrande Suprême" → "Offrande Ultime" → " Offrande Suprême " 
 "Poussin B. aux Yeux Rouges" → " Poussin Dragon Noir " (to show it is not part of the " Red-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Protecteur du Tombeau" → " Cerbère de la Sépulture " (to make clear that it is not part of the " Gravekeeper's " archetype, although it was not before anyway) 
 "Rainette" → " Grenouille d'Arbre " (to show it is part of the " Frog " archetype) 
 "Rangement des Grimoires" → " Rangement Livre de Magie " (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 "Reine des Démons Captive" → " Reine des Archdémons Captive " (to show it is part of the " Archfiend " archetype) 
 "Renaissance de Dragon" → " Transmigration de Dragon " 
 "Requin des Profondeurs" → " Requin des Mers Profondes " (to distinguish it from " Depth Shark ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Résonateur des Flammes" → " Diapason des Flammes " (to show it is part of the " Resonator " archetype) 
 "Rosaria, l'Imposant Ange Déchu"  → " Rosaria, l'Imposant Ange Banni " (to show it is not part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Sabre Seigneur Lumière" → " Rapière Seigneur Lumière " (to show it is not part of the " Saber " archetype) 
 "Sanctuaire Secret des Magiciens" → " Sanctuaire Secret des Sorciers " (to show it is not part of the " Magician " archetype) 
 "Serviteur du Fossoyeur" → " Serviteur des Protecteurs du Tombeau " (to show it is part of the " Gravekeeper's " archetype) 
 "Soldat Kinésique" → "Soldat Cinétique" → "Soldat Kinésique" → " Soldat Cipher " (changing from " Kinesics " to "Kinetic", then changing it back, then to show it is part of the " Cipher " archetype) 
 "Tornade" → " Tourbillon " 
 "Trappe Énorme des Ténèbres" → " Chute des Ténèbres " (to show it is not part of the " Trap Hole " archetype) 
 Minor changes 
 "Avion de Reconnaissance D. D." → " Avion de Reconnaissance D.D. " 
 "Ben Kei, Samurai Armé" → " Ben Kei, Samouraï Armé " 
 "Ceal – Arc d'Étoile Filante" → " Ceal - Arc d'Étoile Filante " 
 "Chasseur Mecanique" → " Chasseur Mécanique " 
 "Chausse-trappe" → "Chausse-Trappe" → " Chausse-trappe " 
 "Chick le Jaune – Scorpion Noir" → " Chick le Jaune - Scorpion Noir " 
 "Chimère, Bête mythique volante" → " Chimère, Bête Mythique Volante " 
 "Contrat avec Exodia" → " Contrat avec Éxodia " (to show it is part of the " Exodia " archetype) 
 "Dame Guerrière D. D." → " Dame Guerrière D.D. " 
 "Dé Crâne" → " Dé-crâne " 
 "Dé Gracieux" → " Dé gracieux " 
 "Des Volstgalph" → " Des Volstgaph " 
 "Désignateur D. D." → " Désignateur D.D. " 
 "Destruction ! Pioche !" → " Destruction et Pioche " 
 "Dragon aux Yeux Bleus Rayonnants" → "Dragon Rayonnant aux Yeux Bleus" → " Dragon aux Yeux Bleus Rayonnants " 
 "Dragon Bouclier à un œil" → " Dragon Bouclier à un Œil " 
 "Dragon de Harpie" → " Dragon de harpie " 
 "Dragon Métallique Rare" → " Dragon Rare Métallique " 
 "Elma – Dague Papillon" → " Elma - Dague Papillon " 
 "Exodia l'Interdit" → " Éxodia l'Interdit " 
 "Exodia Necross" → " Éxodia Necross " (to show it is part of the " Exodia " archetype) 
 "Entraîneur D. D." → " Entraîneur D.D. " 
 "Flash HERO !!" → " Flash Hero !! " 
 "Frontière D. D." → " Frontière D. D. " 
 "Gorg le Fort – Scorpion Noir" → " Gorg le Fort - Scorpion Noir " 
 "Gratte-ciel" → " Gratte-Ciel " 
 "Grarl – Hache Gravitationnelle" → " Grarl - Hache Gravitationnelle " 
 "Grenouille des" → " Grenouille Des " 
 "Gros œil" → " Gros Œil " 
 "M-Guerrier Nº1" → "M-Guerrier nº1" → " M-Guerrier Nº1 " 
 "M-Guerrier Nº2" → "M-Guerrier nº2" → " M-Guerrier Nº2 " 
 "Magicien Blanc Pikeru" → " Magicienne Blanche Pikeru " 
 "Malediction d'Anubis" → " Malédiction d'Anubis " 
 "Meanae l'Epineux – Scorpion Noir" → " Meanae l'Épineux - Scorpion Noir " 
 "Montée de Niveau!" → " Montée de Niveau ! " 
 "Mouton Mystique N°2" → "Mouton Mystique n°2" → " Mouton Mystique N°2 " 
 "Nuagien - œil du Typhon" → " Nuagien - Œil du Typhon " 
 "Ruines Etendues" → " Ruines Étendues " 
 "Sang Putride, le Gardien des Limbes" → " Sang Putride, Le Gardien des Limbes " 
 "Seigneur Vampire" → "Saigneur Vampire" → " Seigneur Vampire " 
 "Statue Gardien" → "Statue Gardienne" → " Statue Gardien " 
 "Terra formation" → " Terra Formation " 
 "Trappe D. D." → " Trappe D.D. " 
 "Tryce – Épées Jumelles aux Éclats Lumineux" → " Tryce - Épées Jumelles aux Éclats Lumineux " 
 "Valkyrion le Guerrier Magnétique" → " Valkyrion, le Guerrier Magnétique " 
 German 
 Archetype renames 
 "Böser Held" → " Böser HELD " 
 "Elementarheld" → " Elementar-HELD " 
 "Schicksalsheld" → " Schicksals-HELD " 
 Individual card renames 
 Major changes 
 "Angriff vereiteln" → " Angriff annullieren " 
 "Anwerben des Dunkler Skorpion" → " Dunkler Skorpion-Anwerber " 
 "Ausgebildeter Keltischer Wächter" → " Ausgebildeter Keltischer Wärter " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Blumensynchron" → " Blumensynchronisierer " 
 "Dunkles Toon-Magier-Mädchen" → " Toon-Dunkles Magier-Mädchen " (to show it is part of the " Dark Magician Girl " archetype) 
 "Finstere Fallgrube" → " Sturz ins Dunkel " (to show it is not part of the " Trap Hole " archetype) 
 "Gaia, Ritter des Dunklen Windes" → " Gaia, zorniger Ritter des Dunklen " (to show it is part of the " Gaia The Fierce Knight " archetype) 
 "Gefangene Unterweltlerkönigin" → " Gefangene Erzunterweltlerkönigin " (to show it is part of the " Archfiend " archetype) 
 "Großer Kern" → " B.E.S. Großer Kern " (to show it is part of the " B.E.S. " archetype) 
 "Harpyien-Bruder" → " Himmelskundschafter " (to show it is not part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "Heldenbündnis" → " HELDEN-Bündnis " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype) 
 "Himmelblauäugiger silberner Drache" → " Azuräugiger silberner Drache " (to show it is not part of the " Blue-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Kinetischer Soldat" → " Cipher-Soldat " (to show it is part of the " Cipher " archetype) 
 "Klebefallgrube" → " Klebfallgrube " (to show it is not part of the " Infestation " archetype) 
 "Lector Pendulum, der Drachoberherr" → " Lector-Pendel, der Drachoberherr " (to show it is part of the " Pendulum " archetype) 
 "Leere der Eitelkeit" → " Bedeutungslosigkeit der Eitelkeit " (to show it is not part of the " Void " archetype) 
 "Leibwächter der Königin" → " Beschützer der Königin " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Lichtverpflichteter Säbel" → " Lichtverpflichteter Degen " (to show it is not part of the " Saber " archetype) 
 "Lyna, die Lichtverzauberin" → " Lyna, die Lichtverzaubererin " (to show it is part of the " Charmer " archetype) 
 "Maria, die Gefallene" → " Finsterlord Maria " (to show it is part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Nebelkönig" → " König Nebel " (to distinguish it from " Fog King ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Oscillo-Held #2" → " Wattkind " (to show it is part of the " Watt " archetype) 
 "Rotmond-Baby" → " Vampirbaby " (to show it is part of the " Vampire " archetype) 
 "Rasender Kampfochse" → " Wütender Kampfochse " (to show it is not part of the " Aesir " archetype) 
 "Rotäugiges schwarzes Küken" → " Schwarzes Drachenküken " (to show it is not part of the " Red-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Schlachtunterweltlerschild des Gladiatorungeheuers" → " Schlachterzunterweltlerschild des Gladiatorungeheuers " (to show it is part of the " Archfiend " archetype) 
 "Schrottregen" → " Gerümpelregen " (to show it is part of the " Junk " archetype and not part of the " Scrap " archetype) 
 "Schmiede der wahren Drachos" → " Wahre Drachoschmiede " (to show it is part of the " True Draco " archetype) 
 "Schwester Reficule die Gefallene" → " Finsterlord Schwester Reficule " (to show it is part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Tiefsee-Hai" → " Meeresboden-Hai " (to distinguish it from " Depth Shark ", which has a similar name to the old name) 
 "Torwächter" → " Torwärter " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype and to distinguish it from " Gate Guardian ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Tragische" → " Tragödie " 
 "Verborgenes Zauberbuch" → " Verborgenes Magiebuch " (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 "Wächter von Koa'ki Meiru" → " Koa'ki Meiru Wächter " 
 "Wiedergeburt des Drachen" → " Drachenseelenwanderung " 
 "Weitflächige Ruine" → " Umfassende Verwüstung " 
 "Verbanner des Lichts" → " Verbanner des Strahlens " (to distinguish it from " Banisher of the Light ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Verdunklungs-Lindwurm" → " Eklipsen-Lindwurm " 
 "Zauberablagebuch" → " Magiebuchsammlung " (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 Minor changes 
 "Außerirdischer Medium" → " Außerirdisches Medium " 
 "Antiker Antriebsungeheuer" → " Antikes Antriebsungeheuer " 
 "Chu-Suke Der Maus-Kämpfer" → " Chu-Suke, der Maus-Kämpfer " 
 "D. D. Angreifer" → " D.D. Angreifer " 
 "D. D. Bezeichner" → " D. D. Bezeichner " 
 "D. D. Fremdenführer" → " D.D. Fremdenführer " 
 "D. D. Grenze" → " D.D. Grenze " 
 "D. D. Kriegerin" → " D.D. Kriegerin " 
 "D. D. Spähflugzeug" → " D.D. Spähflugzeug " 
 "D. D. Trainer" → " D.D. Trainer " 
 "Dunkler Skorpion- Meanae der Dorn" → " Dunkler Skorpion - Meanae der Dorn " 
 "Felsen-Oger Grotte#1" → " Felsen-Oger Grotte #1 " 
 "HERO Blitz!!" → " Hero Blitz!! " 
 "Leuchtender blauäugiger Drache" → "Leuchtender Blauäugiger Drache" → " Leuchtender blauäugiger Drache " 
 "Ojama Gelb" → " Gelber Ojama " 
 "Ojama Schwarz" → " Schwarzer Ojama " 
 "Sasuke Samurai #3" → " Sasuke-Samurai #3 " 
 "Schwarz glänzender Soldat" → " Schwarz Glänzender Soldat " 
 "XX-Säbel-Ragigura" → "XX-Säbel Ragigura" → " XX-Säbel-Ragigura " 
 Italian 
 Archetype renames 
 "Eroe el Destino" → " EROE del Destino " 
 "Eroe Elementale" → " EROE Elementale " 
 "Eroe Malvagio" → " EROE Malvagio " 
 "Rana" → " RANA " 
 Individual card renames 
 Major changes 
 "Arciere Amazoness" → " Imboscata Amazoness " (to distinguish it from " Amazoness Archer ", which had the same name as the old name) 
 "Artistamico Amicascimmia" → " Artistamico Amicasino " (to correct mistranslation, which called it "Friendmonkey") 
 "Bambino della Luna Rossa" → " Bambino Vampiro " (to show it is part of the " Vampire " archetype) 
 "Buco Trappola Acido" → "Acid Trap Hole" → " Buco Trappola Acido " (accidentally using the English name, then removing it) 
 "Buco Trappola Oscuro" → " Caduta Oscura " (to show it is not part of the " Trap Hole " archetype) 
 "Cannone Fiammata" → " Acceleratore Fiammata " (to show it is part of the " Blaze Accelerator " archetype) 
 "Cavaliere Vento Oscuro di Gaia" → " Gaia il Cavaliere del Vento Oscuro " (to show it is part of the " Gaia The Fierce Knight " archetype) 
 "Dispositivo di Salvataggio Obbligatorio" → "Congegno di Evacuzione Forzata" → " Dispositivo di Salvataggio Obbligatorio " 
 "Distro-Fusione" → " Distruzione Infuocata " (to show it is not part of the " Fusion " archetype) 
 "Drago Imperatore del Chaos - Emissario della Fine" → " Drago Imperatore del Chaos - Ambasciatore della Fine " 
 "Drago Metallico Raro" → " Drago di Metallo Raro " 
 "Drago Nero Metallico Occhi Rossi" → " Drago Metallico Occhi Rossi " 
 "Energia Arcana EX - Il Signore Oscuro"  → " Energia Arcana EX - Il Signore dell'Oscurità " (to show it is not part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Fratello delle Arpie" → " Scout del Cielo " (to show it is not part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "Gaia il Cavaliere, la Forza della Terra" → " Cavaliere Gaia, la Forza della Terra " (to show it is not part of the " Gaia The Fierce Knight " archetype) 
 "Grande Nucleo" → " B.E.S. Nucleo Potente " (to show it is part of the " B.E.S. " archetype) 
 "Guardiano Celtico Riaddestrato" → " Guardia Celtica Riaddestrata " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Il Drago Alato di Ra" → " Drago Alato di Ra " 
 "Il Guardiano Grande Scudo" → " Grande Scudo Custode " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "L'Agente della Forza - Marte" → "L'Agente della Forza - Venere" → " L'Agente della Forza - Marte " (assigning it the wrong planet, the correcting this mistake) 
 "Legame dell'Eroe" → " Legame dell'EROE " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype) 
 "Maria la Decaduta" → " Signora Oscura Maria " (to show it is part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Necrolancer il Signore del Tempo" → " Necrolancer il Tempo-Signore " (to show it is not part of the " Timelord " archetype) 
 "Neo, Guerriero Magico" → " Neo lo Spadaccino Magico " 
 "Numero C107: Drago Galattico Occhi Tachionici" → " Numero C107: Neo Drago Tachionico Occhi Galattici " (to correct switched adjectives, to add missing word, and to show it is part of the "Galaxy-Eyes" archetype) 
 "Numero 107: Drago Galattico Occhi Tachionici" → " Numero 107: Drago Tachionico Occhi Galattici " (to correct switched adjectives and to show it is part of the " Galaxy-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Ordinando Libri di Magia" → " Organizzazione del Libro di Magia " (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 "Oscillo Eroe #2" → " Wattragazzo " (to show it is part of the " Watt " archetype) 
 "Protettore di Tombe" → "Custode di Tombe" → " Protettore di Tomba " (to incorrectly make it part of the " Gravekeeper's " archetype, then make it not part of it) 
 "Rana Velenosa" → " RANA Avvelenata " (to show it is not part of the " Venom " archetype and renaming the " Frog " archetype) 
 "Re Nebbia" → " Re della Nebbia " (to distinguish it from " Fog King ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Reficule Infermiera Decaduta" → " Signora Oscura Reficule Infermiera " (to show it is part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Risonatore Oscuro" → " Diapason Oscuro " (to show it is part of the " Resonator " archetype) 
 "Sabersaurus" → " Sciabolasaurus " (to show it is part of the " Saber " archetype) 
 "Sciabola Fedele della Luce" → " Scimitarra Fedele della Luce " (to show it is not part of the " Saber " archetype) 
 "Scudo da Battaglia Arcidemoniaco del Gladiatore Bestia" → " Scudo da Battaglia Arcidemone del Gladiatore Bestia " (to show it is part of the " Archfiend " archetype) 
 "Soldato dell'Oscuro Desiderio - Emissario dell'Inizio" → " Glorioso Soldato Nero - Emissario dell'Inizio " (to show it is part of the " Black Luster Soldier " archetype) 
 "Sipario della Magia Oscura" → " Sipario Magico Nero " 
 "Soldato Cinetico" → " Soldato Cipher " (to show it is part of the " Cipher " archetype) 
 "Tempesta d'Etaqua" → " Windstorm of Etaqua " 
 "Tornado" → " Turbine " 
 "Un Accordo col Signore Oscuro" → " Un Accordo con l'Arcidemone " (to show it is part of the " Archfiend " archetype and not part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Vuoto della Vanità" → " Vacuità della Vanità " (to show it is not part of the " Void " archetype) 
 Minor changes 
 "Abbbandono" → " Abbandono " 
 "Arciere Amazoness" → "Arciera Amazoness" → " Arciere Amazoness " (to distinguish it from " Amazoness Archers ", which had the same name as the old name) 
 "Assalitore D. D." → " Assalitore D.D. " 
 "Camera Oscura dell' Incubo" → " Camera Oscura dell'Incubo " 
 "Confine D. D." → " Confine D. D. " 
 "Cyber-Soldato del Mondo Oscuro" → " Cyber-Soldato del Mondoscuro " (to show it is not part of the " Dark World " archetype) 
 "Designatore D. D." → " Designatore D.D. " 
 "Dragone Alato , Custode della Fortezza #2" → " Dragone Alato, Custode della Fortezza #2 " 
 "Guerriero Magnetico Alpha" → " Guerriero Magnetico Alfa " (to use the Italian spelling of the Greek letter) 
 "HERO Flash!!" → " Hero Flash!! " 
 "Le Vacanze dell' Imperatore" → " Le Vacanze dell'Imperatore " 
 "Mago Bianco Pikeru" → " Maga Bianca Pikeru " (to correct gendering of the name, which was errouneously male) 
 "Rinforzi dell' Esercito" → " Rinforzi dell'Esercito " 
 "Sciabola-X Urbellum" → "Urbellum Sciabola-X" → " Sciabola-X Urbellum " 
 "Signora Guerriera D.D." → "Signora Guerriera D. D." → " Signora Guerriera D.D. " 
 "Uomo Fungo" → " Uomo-Fungo " 
 Portuguese 
 Archetype renames 
 "Archdemônio" → " Arquidemônio " 
 "Engrenagem Ancião" → " Mecanismo Antigo " 
 "Herói do Elemento" → " HERÓI do Elemento " 
 Individual card renames 
 Major changes 
 "Ajudar o Rôbo para o Combate" → " Robô Ajudante de Combate " 
 "Avian, Herói do Elemento" → " Aviário, o HERÓI do Elemento " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype and rename the " Elemental HERO " archetype) 
 "Backfire" → " Contra-explosão " (replacing English name with a Portuguese translation) 
 "Besta Engrenagem Ancião" → " Besta do Mecanismo Antigo " (to show it is part of the " Ancient Gear " archetype) 
 "Besta Fantasma Mecha Falcão de Cimitarra" → " Besta Fantasma Mecha Falcão de Sabre " (to show it is part of the " Saber " archetype, incorrectly) 
 "Bubbleman, Herói do Elemento" → " Homem Bolha, o HERÓI do Elemento " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype and rename the " Elemental HERO " archetype) 
 "Buraco Armadilha" → "Buraco de Armadilha" → " Buraco Armadilha " (to show it is part of the " Trap Hole " archetype) 
 "Buraco de Armadilha de uma D.D." → " Buraco Armadilha de uma D.D. " (to show it is part of the " Trap Hole " archetype) 
 "Burstinatrix, Herói do Elemento" → " Burstinatrix, o HERÓI do Elemento " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype and rename the " Elemental HERO " archetype) 
 "Círculo de Bloqueio" → " Círculo da Profecia " 
 "Clayman, Herói do Elemento" → " Clayman, o HERÓI do Elemento " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype and rename the " Elemental HERO " archetype) 
 "Double Coston" → " Coston em Dobro " (replacing English name with a Portuguese translation) 
 "Dragão dos Olhos Azuis Brilhantes" → " Dragão Brilhante de Olhos Azuis " 
 "Drillroid" → " Perfuroide " (replacing English name with a Portuguese translation) 
 "Emblema do Destruidor de Dragões" → " Emblema do Dragão Destruidor " 
 "Força Arcana EX - O Senhor Obscuro" → " Força Arcana EX - O Senhor das Trevas " (to show it is not part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Gaia, O Campeão do Dragão" → " Gaia, o Matador de Dragões " 
 "Gaia, o Cavaleiro do Vento Negro" → " Gaia, o Cavaleiro Impetuoso Célere " (to show it is part of the " Gaia The Fierce Knight " archetype) 
 "Gearfried Raio Luminoso" → " Gearfried Raio-de-Luz " (to show it is not part of the " Lightsworn " archetype) 
 "Gigante do Trovão, Herói do Elemento" → " Gigante do Trovão, o HERÓI do Elemento " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype and rename the " Elemental HERO " archetype) 
 "Goldd, Wu-Lord do Mundo Negro" → " Dourado, Wu-Lorde do Mundo Negro " 
 "Golem Engrenagem Ancião" → " Golem do Mecanismo Antigo " (to show it is part of the " Ancient Gear " archetype) 
 "Golem Guardião" → " Golem Sentinela " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Guardião de Batalha da Lava" → " Guarda de Batalha da Lava " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Guardião de Batalha do Pântano" → " Guarda de Batalha do Pântano " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Gyroid" → " Giroide " (replacing English name with a Portuguese translation) 
 "Homem-Alado das Chamas, Herói do Elemento" → " Homem-Alado das Chamas, o HERÓI do Elemento " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype and rename the " Elemental HERO " archetype) 
 "Invasor da escuridão" → " Invasor das Trevas " 
 "Kaiser Glider" → " Planador Kaiser " (replacing English name with a Portuguese translation) 
 "Laminassauro" → " Sabressauro " (to show it is part of the " Saber " archetype) 
 "Lord Vampiro" → " Senhor dos Vampiros " 
 "Luminescência Orgânica" → " Fogo da Raposa " 
 "Movimento de Difusão de Ondas" → " Difusão em Movimento de Onda " 
 "Grande Núcleo" → " B.E.S. Núcleo Grande " (to show it is part of the " B.E.S. " archetype) 
 "O Dragão que mora na Caverna" → " O Dragão Vivendo na Caverna " 
 "O Olho da Verdade" → " Olho Mágico da Verdade " 
 "Paladin das Trevas" → " Paladino Negro " 
 "Peten o Palhaço Negro"  → " Peten, o Palhaço das Trevas " 
 "Pinto Negro de Olhos Vermelhos" → "Filhote Negro de Olhos Vermelhos" → " Filhote do Dragão Negro " (removing a word for "penis" from its name, then to show it is not part of the " Red-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Pote da Ganância" → " Jarra da Ganância " (to distinguish it from " Pot of Greed ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Raigeki Break" → " Fratura Raigeki " (replacing English name with a Portuguese translation) 
 "Re-Fusionamento" → " Re-Fusão " (to show it is part of the " Fusion " archetype) 
 "Ritual do Brilho Negro" → " Ritual do Lustro Negro " (matching rename of " Black Luster Soldier ") 
 "Sereia Encantadora" → " Sereia Fascinante " (to show it is not part of the " Charmer " archetype) 
 "Soldado Engrenagem Ancião" → " Soldado do Mecanismo Antigo " (to show it is part of the " Ancient Gear " archetype) 
 "Sparkman, Herói do Elemento" → "Sparkman, HERÓI do Elemento" → " Sparkman, o HERÓI do Elemento " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype and rename the " Elemental HERO " archetype) 
 "Steamroid" → " Vaporoide " (replacing English name with a Portuguese translation) 
 "Soldado Cinético" → " Soldado Cifrado " (to show it is part of the " Cipher " archetype) 
 "Soldado do Brilho Negro" → " Soldado do Lustro Negro " (to show it is part of the " Black Luster Soldier " archetype) 
 "Tribo de Dragões" → " D. Tribo " 
 Minor changes 
 "Baú de Tesouro Devorador de Homens" → " Baú de Tesouro, Devorador de Homens " 
 "Cavalo Marinho de Kaiser" → " Cavalo-marinho de Kaiser " 
 "D.D. Lady Guerreira" → " D. D. Lady Guerreira " 
 "Doma, O Ánjo do Silêncio" → " Doma, O Anjo do Silêncio " 
 "Dragão Alado, Guardião da Fortaleza N°1" → " Dragão Alado, Guardião da Fortaleza No1 " 
 "Ectoplasmer" → " Ectoplasma " 
 "Elfa Mística" → "Elfo Mística" → " Elfa Mística " 
 "Fénix Sagrada de Nephthys" → " Fênix Sagrada de Nephthys " 
 "Gaia, O Cavaleiro Impetuoso" → " Gaia, o Cavaleiro Impetuoso " 
 "Homunculos, o Ser Alquémico" → " Homunculos, o Ser Alquímico " 
 "La Jinn, O Gênio Místico da Lâmpada" → " La Jinn, o Gênio Místico da Lâmpada " 
 "Maldição de Anubis" → " Maldição de Anúbis " 
 "Mestre de Armadilhas" → " Mestre das Armadilhas " 
 "Mumia Regenerativa" → " Múmia Regenerativa " 
 "Neo, O Espadachim Mágico" → " Neo, o Espadachim Mágico " 
 "O Dragão Alado de Ra" → " O Dragão Alado de Rá " 
 "Ogro de Rocha da Gruta N°1" → " Ogro de Rocha da Gruta #1 " 
 "Rapariga Harpie" → " Rapariga Harpia " (to show it is part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "Rei do Pantano" → " Rei do Pântano " 
 "Sábio Falco Alado" → " Sábio Falcos Alado " 
 "Submarinoide" → " Submariroide " (to show it is part of the " roid " archetype) 
 "Sopro da Asa da Fénix" → " Sopro da Asa da Fênix " 
 "Tirano Infinito" → " Tyranno Infinito " 
 "Unidade de Ação Autónoma" → " Unidade de Ação Autônoma " 
 "Vampiro Génesis" → " Vampiro Gênesis " 
 "Zombyra o Negro" → " Zombyra, o Negro " 
 Spanish 
 Archetype renames 
 "Héroe del Destino" → " HÉROE del Destino " 
 "Héroe Elemental" → " HÉROE Elemental " 
 "Héroe Malvado" → " HÉROE Malvado " 
 "Rana" → " RANA " 
 Individual card renames 
 Major changes 
 "Agujero-Trampa Oscuro" → " Caídaoscura " (to show it is not part of the " Hole " archetype) 
 "Alanegra Ala Armada" → " Alanegra Armado " 
 "Asaltante del Cuidador de Tumba" → "Asaltante del Cuidador de Tumbas" → "Asaltante del Cuidador de Tumba" → " Asaltante del Cuidador de Tumbas " (to show it is part of the " Gravekeeper's " archetype) 
 "Behemoth de Cabezas Gemelas" → " Behemoth de Dos Cabezas " 
 "Bebé de la Luna Roja" → " Bebé Vampiro " (to show it is part of the " Vampire " archetype) 
 "Biblioteca Real Mágica → " "Librería Mágica Real" 
 "Caballero del Viento Oscuro de Gaia" → "Gaia el Veloz, el Caballero Feroz" → "Caballero del Viento Oscuro de Gaia" → " Gaia el Caballero Feroz Rápido " (to show it is part of the " Gaia The Fierce Knight " archetype) 
 "Chispa Luminosa" → " Chispa Reluciente " (to show it is not part of the " Lightsworn " archetype) 
 "Ciber Soldado del Mundo Oscuro" → " Cíber Soldado de lo Oscuro " (to show it is not part of the " Dark World " archetype) 
 "Cría B. de Ojos Rojos" → " Cría de Dragón Negro " (to show it is not part of the " Red-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Desarmar" → " Desarmamiento " (to distinguish it from " Disarm ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Designador Oscuro" → " Designador Negro " 
 "Dragón Cifrado de Ojos de Galaxia" → " Dragón Cifrado de Ojos Galácticos " (to show it is part of the " Galaxy-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Dragon de Metal Negro Rojo-Ojos" → " Dragón de Metal Negro Ojos Rojos " 
 "Dragón de Metal Raro" → " Dragón de Metales Preciosos " 
 "Duston Rojo" → " Particulines Rojos " (to show it is part of the " Duston " archetype) 
 "El dragón de Mascota de Harpie" → " Dragón Mascota de Arpía " (to show it is part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "El Vacío de la Vanidad" → " La Futilidad de la Vanidad " (to show it is not part of the " Void " archetype) 
 "Enfermera Reficule, la Caída" → " Señoroscura Enfermera Reficule " (to show it is part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Escorpión Oscuro - Cliff el retira Trampas" → " Escorpión Oscuro - Cliff el Quita Trampas " 
 "Espada de Fuerza Luminosa" → " Espada de la Fuerza de Luz " (to show it is not part of the " Lightsworn " archetype) 
 "Ficha de Emisario de la Muerte" → " Ficha de Emisario de la Oscuridad " 
 "Flash HERO!!" → " Flash Hero!! " (to show it is not part of the " HERO " archetype) 
 "Forja del Draco Verdadero" → " Forja del Verdadero Draco " (to show it is part of the " True Draco " archetype) 
 "Fusión de Caballeros-Gema" → " Fusión de Caballero-Gema " (to show it is part of the " Gem-Knight " archetype) 
 "Gaia, el Campeón de los Dragones" → " Gaia el Campeón Dragón " 
 "Gran Núcleo" → " B.E.S. Núcleo Grande " (to show it is part of the " B.E.S. " archetype) 
 "Guardián Celta Convertido" → " Guardia Celta Convertido " (to show it is not part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Hechicero Oscuro Rojo" → " Encantador Oscuro Rojo " 
 "Hermano de la Arpía" → " Explorador del Cielo " (to show it is not part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "Héroe Oscillo #2" → " Wattniño " (to show it is part of the " Watt " archetype) 
 "Inpachi en Llamas" → " Inpachi Ardiente " 
 "Intercambio" → " Canjear " (to distinguish it from " Exchange ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Libro de Conjuros Oculto → " Libro de Magia Oculto " (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 "Los Monarcas se Despiertan" → " El Despertar de los Monarcas " 
 "Llamarada de Aliento" → " Estallido de Aliento " 
 "Marie la Caida" → " Señoroscura Marie " (to show it is part of the " Darklord " archetype) 
 "Número 107: Dragón Taquiónico de Ojos de Galaxia" → " Número 107: Dragón Taquiónico de Ojos Galácticos " (to show it is part of the " Galaxy-Eyes " archetype) 
 "Necrolancer el Señor del Tiempo" → " Necrolancer el Tiempo-Señor " (to show it is not part of the " Timelord " archetype) 
 "Neo-Parshath, el Paladín del Cielo" → " Neo-Parsath, el Paladín del Cielo " (to show it is part of the " Parshath " archetype, known as " Parsath " in the Spanish TCG). 
 "Ófrecimiento Final" → "Ofrecimiento Final" → " Ofrenda Final " 
 "Psíquico Alien" → " Psíquico Alienígena " (to show it is part of the " Alien " archetype) 
 "Rana del Robo Venenoso" → " RANA del Robo Tóxica " (to show it is not part of the " Venom " archetype and renaming the " Frog " archetype) 
 "Reciclador de Magias" → " Reciclador de Conjuros " 
 "Regreso de una Dimensión Distinta" → "Regreso de una Dimensión Diferente" → " Regreso de una Dimensión Distinta " 
 "Rey Niebla" → " Rey Nebuloso " (to distinguish it from " Fog King ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 "Sabio Alado Falcos" → " Falcos, el Sabio Alado " 
 "Sable Luminoso" → " Espada Luminosa " (to show it is not part of the " Saber " archetype) 
 "Seños de las Trampas" → " Amo de Trampa " 
 "Soldado Cinético" → " Soldado Cifrado " (to show it is part of the " Cipher " archetype) 
 "T.G. Cañonero de la Hoja" → " T.G. Explosionador de la Hoja " (to show it is not part of the " Skyblaster " archetype) 
 "Tornado" → " Torbellino " 
 "Torbellino Oscuro" → " Remolino Oscuro " 
 "Vínculo del Héroe" → " Vínculo del HÉROE " (to show it is part of the " HERO " archetype) 
 Minor changes 
 "¡El Regreso de los Seis Samuráis!" → " El Regreso de los Seis Samuráis! " 
 "Agujero-Trampa de Ácido" → " Agujero Trampa de Ácido " (to show it is part of the " Trap Hole " archetype) 
 "Alpha el Guerrero Magnético" → " Alfa el Guerrero Magnético " 
 "Amazoness Arquera" → " Arquera Amazoness " 
 "Área Anti-Mágia → " Área Anti-Magia " 
 "Bestia de Super-Aleación Raptinus" → " Bestia de Súper-Aleación Raptinus " 
 "Brazo derecho del Prohibido" → " Brazo Derecho del Prohibido " 
 "Brazo izquierdo del Prohibido" → " Brazo Izquierdo del Prohibido " 
 "Caballero Cucaracha" → " Caballero cucaracha " 
 "Cámbio de Arma" → " Cambio de Arma " 
 "Cañon del Movimiento de las Olas" → " Cañón del Movimiento de las Olas " 
 "Carga del Poderoso" → "Carga del poderoso" → " Carga del Poderoso " 
 "Cartas infinitas" → " Cartas Infinitas " 
 "Chica Maga Oscura la Jinete del Dragón" → " Chica Maga Oscura, la Jinete del Dragón " 
 "Chispa de Extasis Triangular" → " Chispa de Éxtasis Triangular " 
 "Cíber Dragón Final" → " Ciber Dragón Final " 
 "Cíber Dragón Láser" → " Ciber Dragón Láser " 
 "Ciber Querubin" → " Ciber Querubín " 
 "Crustáceo Lanza Bala de Cañon" → " Crustáceo Lanza Bala de Cañón " 
 "D. Tribu" → " Tribu D. " 
 "D.D. Cuervo" → " D. D. Cuervo " 
 "Dragón Alado, Guardián de la Fortaleza ♯1" → " Dragón Alado, Guardián de la Fortaleza #1 " 
 "Dragón del Rosal Negro" → " Dragón de la Rosa Negra " 
 "Economia de Hechizos" → " Economía de Hechizos " 
 "Ejercito Meklord de Granel" → " Ejército Meklord de Granel " 
 "El Destructor de la Profecia" → " El Destructor de la Profecía " 
 "El Dragón que mora en la Cueva" → " El Dragón que Mora en la Cueva " 
 "Energia Milenária" → " Energia Milenaria " 
 "Espia del Cuidador de Tumbas" → " Espía del Cuidador de Tumbas " 
 "Estátua Guardiana" → " Estatua Guardiana " 
 "Estátua Para-Hechizos" → " Estatua Para-Hechizos " 
 "Estratégia de Disturbación" → " Estrategia de Disturbio " 
 "Fantasma Magicó" → " Fantasma Mágico " 
 "Fuerza de Ataque de Elite Goblin" → " Fuerza de Ataque de Élite Goblin " 
 "Fusión de Caballeros-Gema" → " Fusión de Caballero-Gema " (to show it is part of the " Gem-Knight " archetype) 
 "Gaia, el Caballero Feroz" → " Gaia el Caballero Feroz " 
 "Guardia del Cementério" → " Guardia del Cementerio " 
 "Gólem de Mecanismo Antiguo" → " Golem de Mecanismo Antiguo " 
 "Gólem Dummy" → " Golem Dummy " 
 "Gran Escudo Guardna" → " Gran Escudo Gardna " 
 "Guardian Goyo" → " Guardián Goyo " (to show it is part of the " Guardian " archetype) 
 "Helios Duo Megistus" → " Helios Dúo Megistus " 
 "Insecto Come-Hombres" → " Insecto Come-hombres " 
 "Invasor de la Oscurdidad" → " Invasor de la Oscuridad " 
 "Jarra de la Codícia" → " Jarra de la Codicia " 
 "La Luz Magicamente Sellada Fusión" → " La Luz Mágicamente Sellada Fusión " 
 "La Tierra Magicamente Sellada Fusión" → " La Tierra Mágicamente Sellada Fusión " 
 "Luz del Juício" → " Luz del Juicio " 
 "Mago de la Fé" → " Mago de la Fe " 
 "M-Guerrero nº1" → " M-Guerrero Nº1 " 
 "M-Guerrero nº2" → " M-Guerrero Nº2 " 
 "Makyura el Destructor" → " Makyura the Destructor " 
 "Maldición de Dragón" → "Maldición de Dragon" → " Maldición de Dragón " 
 "Momia Regenerativa" → " Momia Regeneradora " 
 "Neo el Espadachín Mágico" → " Neo, el Espadachín Mágico " 
 "Ninja armado" → " Ninja Armado " 
 "Ninja Maestro Sosuke" → " Ninja Maestro Sasuke " 
 "Obeslico el Atormentador" → " Obelisco el Atormentador " 
 "Ogro de Acero nº 1" → " Ogro de Acero #1 " 
 "Ojo de Aguila" → " Ojo de Águila " 
 "Ordenando Libros de Mágia" → "Ordenando Libros de Magia" →  Ordenando el Libro de Magia  (to show it is part of the " Spellbook " archetype) 
 "Oveja Mística nº 2" → " Oveja Mística #2 " 
 "Pato sonico" → " Pato Sónico " 
 "Pierna derecha del Prohibido" → " Pierna Derecha del Prohibido " 
 "Pierna izquierda del Prohibido" → " Pierna Izquierda del Prohibido " 
 "Polvo de Pluma de Arpia" → " Polvo de Pluma de Arpía " (to show it is part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "Proto Cíber Dragón" → " Proto Ciber Dragón " 
 "Reflejo de Demonio nº 2" → " Reflejo de Demonio #2 " 
 "Sable-X  Urbellum" → " Sable-X Urbellum " (extra space removed) 
 "Samurai Armado - Ben Kei" → " Samurái Armado - Ben Kei " 
 "Samurai del Futuro" → " Samurái del Futuro " 
 "Soldado Judía" → " Soldado judía " 
 "Soldado Pinguino" → " Soldado Pingüino " 
 "St. Joan" → " St.Joan " 
 "Territorio de Caza de las Arpias" → " Territorio de Caza de las Arpías " (to show it is part of the " Harpie " archetype) 
 "Tifón del Espacio Místico" → "Tifón del Espacio" → " Tifón del Espacio Místico " 
 "Tratos del Mundo Oscuro" → " Tratos del Mundo oscuro " 
 "Tumba del Organismo Super Antiguo" → " La Tumba de un Organismo Super Antigüo " 
 "X-Cabeza Cañon" → " X-Cabeza Cañón " 
 "XY-Dragón Canon" → " XY-Dragón Cañón " 
 Asian-English 
 Individual card renames 
 "Ｂｌａｃｋ・Ｍａｇｉｃｉａｎ" → " Dark Magician " 
 "Ｂｌｕｅ ｅｙｅｓ・Ｗｈｉｔｅ・Ｄｒａｇｏｎ" → "Ｂｌｕｅ- Ｅｙｅｓ Ｗｈｉｔｅ Ｄｒａｇｏｎ" → " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " 
 Chinese 
 Individual card renames 
 "藍眼白龍" → " 青眼白龍 " 
 "强制逃生装置" → " 强制脫出裝置 " 
 Japanese 
 Individual card renames 
 "墓堀りグール" → " 墓掘りグール " 
 "仮面魔導師" → " 仮面魔道士 " 
 Korean 
 Individual card renames 
 "데몬즈 체인" → " 데먼즈 체인 " (to show it is not part of the " Archfiend " archetype) 
 "진해왕 트라이돈" → " 진해황 트라이돈 " (to show it is part of the " Atlantean " archetype) 
 "블루 아이즈 툰 드래곤" → " 푸른 눈의 툰 드래곤 " (to show it is part of the " Blue-Eyes " archetype) 
 "기아기앙그라" → " 기아기아앙그라 " (to show it is part of the " Geargia " archetype) 
 "로즈 버드" → " 로지즈 버드 " (to distinguish it from " Rose Bud ", which has the same name as the old name) 
 " C No. 102 언홀리 라이트닝 노블 데몬"  → " C No. 102 다크 라이트닝 노블 데몬 " (to show it is not part of the " Star Seraph " archetype) 
 "유토피안 아우라" → " 유토피언 아우라 " (to show it is not part of the " Utopia " archetype) 
 v e 
Gameplay and terminology Card layout 
 Colors 
 Artwork
 Original 
 Alternate 
 Attribute 
 Property 
 Level  ( Negative † ) /  Rank  /  Link Rating 
 Original 
 Card Number 
 Type 
 Ability 
 Pendulum Scale 
 Link Arrow 
 Card text 
 Pendulum Effect 
 Material 
 Card effect 
 ATK  /  DEF 
 Original 
 Passcode 
 Limitation text 
 Eye of Anubis Hologram 
 Card backing 
 QR code 
 Abbreviated names 
 Renames 
 Modified artworks 
 Errata 
 Simplified Effect Text 
 Problem-Solving Card Text 
 Misprint 
 Rarities 
 Common 
 Normal Rare  /  Short Print 
 Rare 
 Super Rare 
 Ultra Rare 
 Secret Rare 
 Ultimate Rare 
 Holographic Rare  /  Ghost Rare 
 Parallel Rare 
 Gold Rare 
 other rarities... 
 1st Edition 
 Unlimited Edition 
 Limited Edition 
 Duel Terminal Edition 
 Case Topper 
 Giant Card 
 Official Proxy 
 Cover card 
 Statuses 
 Legal 
 Unlimited 
 Semi-Limited 
 Limited 
 Forbidden 
 Illegal 
 Format
 Advanced 
 Traditional 
 Status lists... 
 Card types 
 Monster 
 Alignments † 
 Divine 
 Earth 
 Fire 
 Forest 
 Thunder 
 Water 
 Wind 
 Black Magic 
 Demon Magic 
 Illusion Magic 
 White Magic 
 Attributes 
 DARK 
 DIVINE 
 EARTH 
 FIRE 
 LAUGH † 
 LIGHT 
 WATER 
 WIND 
 Types 
 Aqua 
 Beast 
 Beast-Warrior 
 Charisma † 
 Creator God 
 Cyberse 
 Dinosaur 
 Divine-Beast 
 Dragon 
 Fairy 
 Fiend 
 Fish 
 Insect 
 Machine 
 Plant 
 Psychic 
 Pyro 
 Reptile 
 Rock 
 Sea Serpent 
 Spellcaster 
 Thunder 
 Warrior 
 Winged Beast 
 Wyrm 
 Zombie 
 Black Magic † 
 Celestial Warrior † 
 Cyborg † 
 Dragon Magic † 
 High Dragon † 
 Galaxy † 
 Human † 
 Illusion Magic † 
 Immortal † 
 Magical Knight † 
 Omega Psychic † 
 Sea Beast † 
 White Magic † 
 Yokai † 
 Monster types 
 Normal 
 Effect 
 Non-Effect 
 Ritual 
 Fusion 
 Synchro 
 Dark † 
 Accel † 
 Delta Accel † 
 Limit Over Accel † 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Token 
 Spell † 
 Trap 
 Field † 
 Pseudo 
 Monster subtypes 
 Tuner 
 Dark † 
 Special Summon 
 Armor † 
 Plus † 
 Minus † 
 Plus Minus † 
 Abilities 
 Flip 
 Toon 
 Spirit 
 Union 
 Gemini 
 
 Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Field 
 Equip 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Link † 
 Trap 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Counter 
 Field † 
 Monster † 
 Equip † 
 Other † 
 Equip 
 Illusion 
 Ritual 
 Speed Spell 
 Normal 
 Quick-Play 
 Ritual 
 Trap Spell 
 Normal 
 Continuous 
 Virus 
 Normal 
 Field 
 Non-game 
 Character 
 Checklist 
 FAQ 
 Strategy 
 Tip 
 Related 
 Archetype 
 Series 
 Card evolutions 
 Support 
 Anti-support 
 ? 
 ??? † 
 ∞ † 
 
 Game mechanics 
 General 
 Match 
 Duel 
 DRAW 
 Surrender 
 LP 
 Counter 
 Damage 
 Battle 
 Piercing 
 Effect 
 Card limits
 Deck
 Minimum 
 Maximum 
 Hand 
 Three-card rule 
 Spell Speed 
 Position 
 Face-down 
 Face-up 
 Battle position 
 Attack Position 
 Defense Position 
 Public knowledge 
 Areas 
 Deck
 Main 
 Extra 
 Side 
 Field 
 In Play 
 Hand 
 Graveyard 
 Banished 
 Limbo † 
 Attached 
 Zones 
 Deck 
 Extra Deck 
 Monster 
 Main Monster 
 Extra Monster 
 Spell & Trap 
 Field 
 Pendulum 
 Column 
 Turns 
 Count 
 Player 
 Phase 
 Draw 
 Normal draw 
 Standby 
 Main 1 
 Battle 
 Start Step 
 Battle Step 
 Damage Step 
 Damage calculation 
 End Step 
 Main 2 
 End 
 Actions 
 Owner 
 Possess 
 Control 
 Look 
 Reveal 
 Pick up a card 
 Excavate 
 Add a card 
 Draw a card 
 Shuffle 
 Cut 
 Random 
 Summon 
 Set 
 Flip 
 Change battle position 
 Send 
 Discard 
 Tribute 
 Destroy 
 By battle 
 Banish 
 Attach 
 Detach 
 Transfer 
 Equip 
 Unequip 
 Leave the field 
 Bounce 
 Spin 
 Return 
 Linked 
 Co-linked 
 Extra Link 
 Points to 
 Attack 
 Direct 
 Target 
 Replay 
 Double † 
 Battle 
 Activate 
 Pay 
 Declare 
 Select 
 Target 
 Respond 
 Chain 
 Link 
 Resolve 
 Unaffected 
 Negate 
 
 Card  effects 
 Types 
 Condition 
 Archetype 
 Archetype-exclusion 
 Level 
 Name 
 Rank 
 Summoning 
 Common 
 Normal 
 Special 
 Fusion 
 Strict 
 Ritual 
 Victory 
 Cost 
 Maintenance cost 
 Monster 
 Continuous 
 like 
 Ignition 
 Like 
 Quick 
 Like 
 Trigger 
 Like 
 Flip 
 Pseudo 
 Unclassified 
 Control only one 
 Field-Unique 
 Match winner 
 Summon monster 
 Unconfirmed 
 Mandatory 
 Optional 
 Lingering 
 Once per turn 
 Speeds 
 Spell Speed 1 
 Fast effect 
 Spell Speed 2 
 Spell Speed 3 
 Timing 
 Game state 
 Priority 
 Fast effect timing 
 Post-resolution window 
 Summon negation window 
 Summon response window 
 Attack declaration window 
 SEGOC 
 Missing the timing 
 
 Summoning 
 Types 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Set 
 Normal 
 Tribute 
 Flip 
 Special 
 By own condition 
 Fusion 
 Ritual 
 Synchro 
 Xyz 
 Pendulum 
 Link 
 Contact Fusion † 
 Transformation † 
 Double Tuning † 
 Dark Synchro † 
 Phantom Synchro † 
 Accel Synchro † 
 Delta † 
 Limit Over † 
 Xyz Evolution † 
 Rank-Up † 
 Rank-Down † 
 Cross Xyz † 
 Dimension † 
 Integration † 
 Overscale Pendulum † 
 Transcendent Pendulum † 
 Reincarnation Link † 
 Mechanics 
 Summoning Rules 
 Double Tributer 
 Material 
 Fusion 
 Substitute 
 Synchro 
 Substitute 
 Xyz 
 Link 
 Normal Summon Monster 
 Special Summon-only 
 Nomi 
 Ignoring its Summoning conditions 
 
 Other 
 Activation & Targeting Eligibility 
 Activation requirement 
 Difference between Costs and Effects 
 Chains, Activation, and Resolution 
 Chaining to your own Cards 
 Counter Traps and Chains 
 Summons & Chains 
 Engine 
 Draw 
 Advantage
 Card 
 Field 
 Hand 
 One Turn Kill 
 First 
 Zero 
 Lockdown 
 Loop
 Controlled loop 
 Infinite loop 
 "Negate" vs. "Destroy" and Continuous Cards 
 Negating Continuous Card Costs 
 Fusion Material Monsters & Ritual Spell Tributes 
 
 †  Does not exist or is not official in the  OCG  or  TCG See also {{ Card lists }} and {{ Monsters and Monster Cards }}
 
 
 
 
 
Categories: Cards with name errata, Lists of cards by properties