Link: https://yugioh.fandom.com/wiki/Seto_Kaiba_and_Gozaburo_Kaiba%27s_Duel


 
 Seto Kaiba and Gozaburo Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba and Gozaburo Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 Game details 
 
 Game 
 Duel Monsters 
 
 
 Players 
 Seto Kaiba Gozaburo Kaiba 
 
 
 Winner(s) 
 Seto Kaiba 
 
 
 Event 
 Virtual World 
 
 
 Location 
 KaibaLand 
 
 
 
 Appearances 
 
 Anime  
 Yu-Gi-Oh! 
 
 
 Episodes 
 120:  " Burying The Past - Part 1 " 121:  " Burying the Past - Part 2 " 
 
 
 
 Seto Kaiba  and  Gozaburo Kaiba  faced each other in a game of  Duel Monsters , during the  Virtual World  arc, in the  Yu-Gi-Oh!  anime . This was the final duel of the Virtual World Arc
 
 Contents 
 
 1   Prior Events 
 2   Featured Duel: Seto Kaiba vs. Gozaboro Kaiba 
 3   Aftermath 
 4   Notes 
 
 
 Prior Events 
 Seeing right through  Noah 's mind games,  Kaiba  heads through the streets of  Gozaburo 's virtual  Domino City  for  KaibaCorp  and finds his stepfather in the President's office. 
 Gozaburo  unleashes a  Duel Monster  army (consisting of  Cosmo Queen , an army of  Skull Knights , an army of  Command Knights , an army of  Lizard Soldiers , and an army of  Rock Ogre Grotto #1s ) on  Yugi  and his friends, but they fight back with their own cards.
 Kaiba orders Gozaburo to shut down his  Virtual World  and release all the minds trapped here, but Gozaburo says that Kaiba must earn his freedom and challenges him to a  Duel . 
 The duel commences.
 
 Featured Duel: Seto Kaiba vs. Gozaboro Kaiba 
 Turn 1: Gozaburo 
Gozaburo draws. He then  activates  " Painful Choice " to select five cards from his  Deck  (They are the five pieces of " Exodia the Forbidden One ") and let Seto choose one card which will be added to Gozaburo's hand. To remind his stepson of the painful moment he'd experienced when he dueled Yugi, who'd achieved the impossible by  Summoning   Exodia  in their first duel, Gozaburo reveals that he is using an  Exodia Deck . Seto chooses to add " Right Arm of the Forbidden One " to Gozaburo's  hand  while the other pieces of "Exodia" are  discarded  to Gozaburo's  Graveyard . Gozaburo then  Sets  a  monster .
 Turn 2: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. He then  Sets  a card and  Normal Summons  " Vorse Raider " (1900/1200) in Attack Position. "Vorse Raider"  attacks  and destroys  Gozaburo 's  face-down   monster , "Right Arm of the Forbidden One" (200/300).
 Turn 3: Gozaburo 
Gozaburo draws " Contract with Exodia " and subsequently activates it. Since all 5 pieces of " Exodia the Forbidden One " are in his  Graveyard , Gozaburo pays 2000 Life Points ( Gozaburo  4000 → 2000) to  Special Summon  " Exodia Necross " (1800/0) to the  field  in Attack Position. "Exodia Necross" attacks "Vorse Raider" ( Gozaburo  2000 → 1900). Normally Gozaburo's  monster  would be  destroyed  at this point, but "Exodia Necross" can't be destroyed in battle. Instead, whenever it battles with a monster, it gains 1000  ATK  at the end of the Damage Step (" Exodia Necross ": 1800 → 2800/0).
 Turn 4: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. He then  Normal Summons  " Spirit Ryu " (1000/1000) in  Attack Position . Kaiba then  activates  his face-down " Burst Breath " to Tribute "Spirit Ryu" to  destroy  all  monsters  on the  field  with equal or lower  DEF  than the  ATK  of the tributed monster. Since "Exodia Necross" has a  DEF  of 0, it would normally be destroyed, but it remains on the field because it can't be destroyed by the  effects  of  Magic  or  Trap Cards . 
 Gozaburo explains that the presence of each piece of " Exodia the Forbidden One " in his  Graveyard  adds a special  effect  to "Exodia Necross". " Left Leg of the Forbidden One " prevents it from being  destroyed  by  Magic Cards , " Right Leg of the Forbidden One " protects it from being destroyed by  Trap Cards , " Left Arm of the Forbidden One " protects it from the special effects of monsters, " Right Arm of the Forbidden One " allows it to gain + 1000  ATK  with every battle and finally the " head of Exodia " protects it from being destroyed by monsters in battle. Kaiba then  Sets  a card and  switches  "Vorse Raider" to  Defense Position .
 Meanwhile, Noah has escaped to the real world in  Mokuba 's body and sets into motion his plans to  destroy  the virtual fortress with his father's own satellite missiles, deleting every mind trapped in cyberspace, but he suddenly has a change of heart when he remembers the way Mokuba considered Noah his brother despite the way he had been treated. Noah rushes back to try to help everyone escape, but  Yami Marik  has destroyed the controls, leaving no way to override the satellite's attack.
 Noah speaks to everyone in the virtual world, warning them the place will be destroyed and their minds will be lost if they do not escape.
 Noah  directs everyone to the real exits in the virtual  Domino City  arcade. With the  virtual world  about to be destroyed,  Gozaburo  turns into a red monster and tries to escape in  Kaiba's  body. However, Kaiba persuades him to continue Dueling, promising his body if Gozaburo wins.
 Joey ,  Duke ,  Tristan ,  Téa , and  Serenity  escape to the real world. Tristan wakes up in his real body. At Noah's request,  Yugi  stays behind to find Kaiba. Noah gives him a shortcut to Kaiba and Gozaburo's  Duel .
 Turn 5: Gozaburo 
Gozaburo draws. " Exodia Necross " attacks " Vorse Raider ", but Seto activates his face-down " Negate Attack " to negate the attack and end Gozaburo's  Battle Phase .
 Turn 6: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws. He then activates " Shrink " to halve the ATK of "Exodia Necross" ("Exodia Necross": 2800 → 1400/0). Kaiba then Tributes "Vorse Raider" in order to Tribute Summon " Luster Dragon #2 " (2400/1400) in Attack Position. "Luster Dragon #2" attacks "Exodia Necross". Due to the latter's effect, it is not destroyed ( Gozaburo  1900 → 900). The fifth effect of "Exodia Necross" activates at the end of the Damage Step (" Exodia Necross ": 1400 → 2400/0). On Kaiba's End Phase, the effect of "Shrink" expires ("Exodia Necross": 2400 → 3800/0).
 Turn 7: Gozaburo 
Gozaburo draws. "Exodia Necross" attacks & destroys "Luster Dragon #2" ( Seto  4000 → 2600). The fifth effect of "Exodia Necross" activates ("Exodia Necross": 3800 → 4800/0).
 Turn 8: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws " Pot of Greed " and subsequently activates it, drawing two cards. He then sets a monster ("Ancient Lamp") and sets a card.
 Turn 9: Gozaburo 
Gozaburo draws. "Exodia Necross" attacks and destroys Seto's set monster, " Ancient Lamp " (900/1400). The fifth effect of "Exodia Necross" activates ("Exodia Necross": 4800 → 5800/0).
 Turn 10: Kaiba 
Kaiba draws "Blue-Eyes White Dragon". He then activates " Monster Reborn " to revive "Ancient Lamp" (900/1400) in  Attack Position . Kaiba then activates the effect of "Ancient Lamp" to  Special Summon  " La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp " (1800/1000) from his hand in  Attack Position . 
 Kaiba then activates his face-down " Soul Demolition ". Now both players, during their respective turns, can pay 500 Life Points to remove from play one monster from their opponent's Graveyard, but they can only activate the effect if they have a Fiend-type monster on their side of the field. Seto pays 2500 Life Points ( Seto  2600 → 2100 → 1600 → 1100 → 600 → 100) in order activate the effect of "Soul Demolition" five times and remove all five Exodia pieces in Gozaburo's  Graveyard  from play, thereby negating all of the effects of "Exodia Necross" ("Exodia Necross": 5800 → 1800/0). 
 Kaiba then Tributes "Ancient Lamp" and "La Jinn the Mystical Genie of the Lamp" in order to Tribute Summon " Blue-Eyes White Dragon " (3000/2500) in Attack Position. "Blue-Eyes White Dragon" attacks and destroys Gozaburo's "Exodia Necross" ( Gozaburo  900 → 0). 
 Seto Wins.
 
 Aftermath 
 Kaiba wins the Duel, but Gozaburo tries to take his body anyway in his red monster form. Yugi helps Kaiba escape the building and Noah gives them a new exit. As Kaiba and Yugi wake up in their pods in the real world, Noah, in Mokuba's body, climbs back inside a pod and reenters the virtual world. Noah gives Mokuba's body back and the two say goodbye as Noah sends Mokuba back to the real world. Kaiba wakes Mokuba and they, with Yugi, rush to board the blimp. In the virtual world, Gozaburo plans to upload his mind to another network, but Noah traps him as the place destructs.
 All of the gang escape the fortress in the blimp, although Yugi, Kaiba, and Mokuba barely make it.
 Noah and Gozaburo are destroyed with the virtual world when the missile hits the fortress; however, Gozaburo makes one last bid to escape in the form of a large flame. He fails to consume the blimp when Kaiba transforms the blimp into a jet so it can escape and disappears with the explosion. Watching the explosion from above, the gang say their farewells to Noah. Kaiba expresses his wish to put the past behind him and continue to  KaibaCorp Island  to let the  Battle City  finals commence.
 
 Notes 
 
 
 v e 
 Virtual World Members 
 Noah Kaiba 
 Events 
 Duels 
 Yami Yugi and Gansley's Duel 
 Téa Gardner and Adrian Crump's Duel 
 Joey Wheeler and Johnson's Duel 
 Serenity Wheeler, Tristan Taylor, Duke Devlin and Nezbitt's Duel 
 Seto Kaiba and Leichter's Duel 
 Yami Yugi, Joey Wheeler and the Big Five's Duel 
 Seto Kaiba, Yami Yugi and Noah Kaiba's Duel 
 Seto Kaiba and Gozaburo Kaiba's Duel 
 
 
 
 
 
Images: ['https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/yugioh/images/5/50/Yugioh120.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/350?cb=20140404161011']
Categories: Virtual World Duels